<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230907_10-K_edgar_data_858877_0000858877-23-000023.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20682790</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>969875</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3120073</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9019142</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3781055</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3288914</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000858877-23-000023.hdr.sgml : 20230907
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230907163009
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000858877-23-000023
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		157
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230729
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230907
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230907

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CISCO SYSTEMS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000858877
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3576]
		IRS NUMBER:				770059951
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0729

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39940
		FILM NUMBER:		231242626

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		170 WEST TASMAN DR
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134-1706
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4085264000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		170 WEST TASMAN DR
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134-1706

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CISCO SYSTEMS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000858877-23-000023.txt : 20230907

10-K
 1
 csco-20230729.htm
 10-K

csco-20230729 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 _____________________________________ 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____ to ____ 
 Commission file number 
 _____________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 _____________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days . No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 Aggregate market value of registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing price of a share of the registrant s common stock on January 27, 2023 as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on that date: billion 
 Number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of September 1, 2023: 
 ____________________________________ 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 PART I Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 Item 2. Properties 
 29 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 31 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 54 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 100 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 100 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 100 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 100 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 101 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 101 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 101 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 101 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 101 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 101 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 103 
 Signatures 
 104 

Table of Contents 

 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Words such as expects, anticipates, targets, goals, projects, intends, plans, believes, momentum, seeks, estimates, continues, endeavors, strives, may, variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth and trends in our businesses, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including those identified below, under Item 1A. Risk Factors, and elsewhere herein. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason. 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 General 
 Cisco designs and sells a broad range of technologies that power the Internet. We are integrating our product portfolios across networking, security, collaboration, applications and the cloud to create highly secure, intelligent platforms for our customers digital businesses. These platforms are designed to help our customers manage more users, devices and things connecting to their networks. This will enable us to provide customers with a highly secure, intelligent platform for their digital business. 
 We conduct our business globally and manage our business by geography. Our business is organized into the following three geographic segments: Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); and Asia Pacific, Japan, and China (APJC). 
 Our products and technologies are grouped into the following categories: Secure, Agile Networks; Internet for the Future; Collaboration; End-to-End Security; Optimized Application Experiences; and Other Products. In addition to our product offerings, we provide a broad range of service offerings, including technical support services and advanced services. Increasingly, we are delivering our technologies through software and services. Our customers include businesses of all sizes, public institutions, governments, and service providers, including large webscale providers. These customers often look to us as a strategic partner to help them use information technology (IT) to differentiate themselves and drive positive business outcomes. 
 We were incorporated in California in 1984 and reincorporated in Delaware in 2021. Our headquarters are in San Jose, California. The mailing address of our headquarters is 170 West Tasman Drive, San Jose, California 95134-1706, and our telephone number at that location is (408) 526-4000. Our website is www.cisco.com. Through a link on the Investor Relations section of our website, we make available the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) at sec.gov: our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. All such filings are available free of charge. The information published on our website, or any other website referenced herein, is not incorporated into this report. 
 Strategy and Priorities 
 As our customers add billions of new connections to their enterprises, and as more applications move to a multicloud environment, the network becomes even more critical. Our customers are navigating change at an unprecedented pace. In this dynamic environment, we believe their priorities are to transform infrastructure, secure the enterprise, power hybrid work, reimagine applications, and drive toward sustainability. 
 Our strategy is to securely connect everything. We are committed to driving a trusted customer experience, through our innovation, solutions, choice, and people. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Customer Priorities 
 Transform Infrastructure 
 In an increasingly digital and connected world, where each new connection to the Internet puts more demand on the network, our customers are looking to modernize and transform their infrastructure in an automated way in order to manage and monitor each connection in real time. Our strategy to help our customers transform their infrastructure with the network at the core began with Software-Defined Access (SD-Access) technology, one of our leading enterprise architectures, and continued with the launch of our Catalyst 9000 series of switches. 
 We have continued to transform our enterprise access portfolio by bringing together several technologies to form the only integrated architecture with built-in simplicity, automation and security at the foundation. This architecture is designed to enable our customers to securely connect their users and devices to applications and data over any network, no matter where they are. 
 We have introduced several innovations that extend our networking capabilities to wireless and enterprise routing products, including Software-Defined Wide Area Network (SD-WAN) and Internet of Things (IoT) edge platforms. Our SD-WAN solutions are designed to provide direct branch to cloud connectivity, enabling the workforce to access their software-as-a-service (SaaS) applications and workloads in an optimized and highly secure manner. We have continued to expand our SD-WAN offering, through our Cloud OnRamp integrations with several webscale providers to deliver predictable and highly secure application experiences. 
 To further our innovation in this area, we are applying the latest technologies, such as machine learning and advanced analytics, to operate and enhance network capabilities. These network product offerings are designed to help enable customers to detect cybersecurity threats, even in encrypted traffic. As such, we have created, in our view, the only network that is designed for security while also helping to maintain privacy. 
 Our customers are operating in multicloud environments with private, public and hybrid clouds. For the data center, our strategy is to deliver multicloud architectures that bring policy and operational consistency, regardless of where applications or data reside, by extending our Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) and our hyperconverged offerings. We continue to invest in our data center portfolio to help meet the growing demand for cloud-delivered technologies. Our Nexus Cloud platform is designed to help our customers deploy, manage, and operate their data center networks from the cloud. 
 Our technology strategy for the Internet for the Future is aimed at addressing the broad adoption of multicloud and application environments. We continue to make significant investments in the development of software, silicon and optics which we believe are the building blocks for the Internet for the Future. 
 We introduced Cisco Silicon One, a single unified silicon architecture, as well as the Cisco 8000 carrier-class router family built on Cisco Silicon One and our operating system, Cisco IOS XR7. We have also expanded our Cisco Silicon One platform from a routing focused solution to one which addresses the webscale switching market. By combining our routed optical networking solution integrating our routers with pluggable optics, we can further help deliver cost savings to our customers. 
 Secure the Enterprise 
 With the rapid growth in modern applications, and with more distributed work environments, securing the enterprise has become more complex and difficult for our customers to manage. We believe every organization requires new or enhanced security architectures to defend against increasing cyber attacks. Our security strategy is focused on delivering a simple and effective cyber-security architecture combining network, cloud and endpoint-based solutions that recognizes the critical importance of data privacy. 
 We are investing significant resources across our security portfolio focused on cloud-based offerings, artificial intelligence-driven threat detection and end-to-end security architectures. We unveiled our strategic plan for a global, cloud-delivered, integrated platform that secures and connects organizations of any shape and size. Cisco Security Cloud is designed to be the most open, end-to-end, security platform across hybrid multi-cloud environments, while also minimizing the attack surface and automating security policies across an organization s environment. This extends to our secure access service edge (SASE) framework and Zero Trust architecture, where we have developed a cloud-delivered stack. We are also delivering unified detection and response capabilities with Cisco Extended Detection and Response (XDR), a cloud-based solution, and introduced new innovations across firewall, multicloud and application security capabilities. To enable a more optimized hybrid work experience with simple access across any location, device, and application, we have brought to market a security service edge (SSE) solution. Additionally, we have announced generative AI capabilities as part of our Security Cloud platform to simplify security operations and increase efficiency. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Power Hybrid Work 
 Over the last several years, the world has shifted to a hybrid work environment, and we believe that our customers are looking to support a blend of onsite and offsite workers into the future. To enable a hybrid workforce, customers require secure access, collaboration, and technologies to empower their teams to connect seamlessly and to work from anywhere. 
 Customers are looking to us to help improve how their people communicate, collaborate and to increase productivity. At Cisco, we are focused on providing and delivering highly secure collaboration experiences to help our customers create a secure hybrid work environment. 
 We believe our collaboration portfolio, which includes our subscription-based Webex conferencing platform, with meetings, devices, calling and messaging, is at the center of our customers strategy for enabling their teams to be more productive and secure. To help our customers transform their workplaces, we continue to invest to expand our capabilities by introducing new Webex Calling innovations in the Webex Suite to improve work flexibility, reliability, and quality. We also launched new devices for hybrid work which we are making interoperable with other vendors collaboration offerings to create a seamless user experience. 
 Reimagine Applications 
 In our view, over the next several years, customers will be increasingly writing modern software applications that can run on any hybrid cloud and will be adding billions of connections to their environments. In a multicloud environment, customers must reimagine how they design, develop and deploy their applications. They need to be able to build applications quickly, deploy them nearly anywhere, monitor experiences, and act in real time. 
 We believe we are uniquely positioned to enable successful business outcomes for customers in hybrid and multicloud environments. In our view, networks are increasingly critical to business success and we believe our customers will benefit from the insights and intelligence that we are making accessible through our highly differentiated platforms. 
 We are continuing our commitment to deliver full stack observability from the application to the infrastructure to give our customers greater insights that enable faster, better decision making. We are doing this by adding key elements to our portfolio, such as: infrastructure optimization with Intersight, network monitoring with technology from ThousandEyes, application performance monitoring with AppDynamics, as well as our security innovations. 
 Journey to Sustainability 
 The world faces serious environmental challenges, such as climate change, resource depletion, and biodiversity loss, and, as a large global corporation, Cisco can play a role in supporting mitigation of these challenges. Our strategy focuses on accelerating the transition to clean energy, evolving our business from linear to circular, and investing in resilient ecosystems. We are striving to reduce our own environmental footprint, and to use our technology and expertise to help our customers and suppliers reduce theirs, contributing to a healthier and more resilient planet. Additionally, we have set long-term goals to address the environmental impacts from our products and business operations. 
 We strive to reduce the effects of our operations and supply chain, help our customers decrease greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and support our communities experiencing direct effects of a changing climate by, among others: 
 Continuing to invest in renewable energy, including investments in solar and wind energy; 
 Designing our products and packaging for reuse, repair, recycling, and resource efficiency and managing our equipment for multiple lifecycles; 
 Continuing to standardize visibility and insights across our portfolio to enable customers to measure, monitor, and manage energy consumption; 
 Investing in projects to improve the efficiency of our offices, labs, and data centers worldwide; 
 Working with our component suppliers, manufacturing partners, and logistic providers to reduce emissions and set goals for absolute GHG emissions reductions; 
 Helping our employees to engage with events and opportunities to raise awareness and create a sense of community around sustainability; and 
 Providing critical connectivity in the aftermath of natural disasters. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Strategic Pillars 
 To execute on our strategy and address our customer priorities, we are focusing on the following six strategic pillars: 
 Secure, Agile Networks Build networking solutions with built-in simplicity, security, agility and automation that can be consumed as-a-service. 
 Optimized Application Experiences Enable greater speed, agility and scale of cloud-native applications. 
 Hybrid Work Deliver highly secure access, a safer workplace and collaboration experiences for the hybrid workforce. 
 Internet for the Future Transform connectivity by efficiently meeting the ever-growing demand for low-latency and higher speeds. 
 End-to-End Security Build simple, integrated, and high efficacy end-to-end security solutions, delivered on-premise or in the cloud. 
 Capabilities at the Edge Develop new capabilities for a distributed world while enhancing the developer experience and extending enterprise and carrier networks. 
 We are continuing to incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) across our portfolio to enable further innovation and to empower our customers to drive increased productivity and better user experiences. We are investing in new opportunities in AI, launching new technologies across our product portfolios designed to boost productivity, enhance policy management and simplify tasks. Our AI-scale infrastructure will allow our customers to process AI workloads more efficiently. We are also accelerating our efforts to enable the delivery of network functionality as a service as our customers increasingly want to consume technologies in flexible ways. We made the initial step with our as-a-service portfolio, Cisco Plus, and our first offer, Cisco Plus hybrid cloud, which combines our data center compute, networking and storage portfolio. Cisco Plus includes our plans to deliver networking-as-a-service, which is designed to unify networking, security and observability across access, wide area network (WAN), and cloud domains. 
 Transforming our Business Model 
 We are transforming our offerings to meet the evolving needs of our customers. Historically, our various networking technology products have aligned with their respective product categories. However, increasingly our offerings are crossing multiple product categories. As our core networking offerings evolve, we expect we will add more common software features across our core networking platforms. We are increasing the amount of software offerings that we provide and the proportion of subscription software offerings. We have various software offerings that fall into the broad categories of subscription arrangements and perpetual licenses. Our subscription arrangements include term software licenses and associated service arrangements, as well as SaaS. 
 As part of the transformation of our business, we continued to make strides to develop and sell more software and subscription-based offerings. We are also focused on the entire customer lifecycle to drive expansion and renewals. We will continue to invest in network-as-a-service offerings to provide our customers with flexibility in how they want to consume our technologies. 
 For a discussion of the risks associated with our strategy, see Item 1A. Risk Factors, including the risk factor entitled We depend upon the development of new products and services, and enhancements to existing products and services, and if we fail to predict and respond to emerging technological trends and customers changing needs, our operating results and market share may suffer. For information regarding sales of our major products and services, see Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Products and Services 
 Our products and services are grouped into the following categories: 
 Secure, Agile Networks 
 Secure, Agile Networks consists of our core networking technologies of switching, enterprise routing, wireless, and compute products. These technologies consist of both hardware and software offerings, including software licenses and SaaS, that help our customers build networks, automate, orchestrate, integrate, and digitize data. We believe it is critical for us to continue to deliver continuous value to our customers. We continued to make progress in shifting more of our business to software and subscriptions across our core networking portfolio, and in expanding our software offerings. Our objective is to continue converging our on-premise solutions with our cloud managed solutions across our enterprise networking portfolio. 
 Our Switching portfolio encompasses campus switching as well as data center switching offerings. Our campus switching offerings provide the foundation for converged data, voice, video, and IoT services. These switches offer enhanced security and reliability and are designed to scale efficiently as our customers grow. Within campus switching are our Catalyst 9000 series of 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 switches that include hardware with embedded software, along with a software subscription referred to as Cisco DNA. Cisco DNA provides automation, analytics and security features and can be centrally monitored, managed, and configured. With the expansion of WiFi-6, we have expanded our portfolio to include multi-gigabit technology in our switches in order to manage higher bandwidth and manage network speed. Our data center switching offerings, led by the Nexus 9000 series, provide the foundation for mission critical data centers with high availability, scalability, and security across traditional data centers and private and public cloud data centers. We continue to add greater visibility and analytics across our networks and applications, enabling us to deliver better experiences for our customers. 
 Our Enterprise Routing portfolio interconnects public and private wireline and mobile networks, delivering highly secure and reliable connectivity to campus, data center and branch networks for our large to small enterprise and commercial customers. Our routing solutions are designed to meet the scale, reliability, and security needs of our customers. 
 Our Wireless portfolio provides indoor and outdoor wireless coverage designed for seamless roaming use of voice, video, and data applications. These products include wireless access points and controllers that are on-premise and cloud managed, and combined with our Switching portfolio, delivers a converged access solution that is powerful, yet simple. 
 Our Compute portfolio incorporates various technologies and solutions including the Cisco Unified Computing System, HyperFlex, our hyperconverged offering, and software management capabilities, which combine computing, networking, and storage infrastructure management and virtualization to deliver agility, simplicity, and scale. 
 Internet for the Future 
 Our Internet for the Future product category consists of our routed optical networking, 5G, silicon and optics solutions. We are focusing on transforming connectivity to the Internet and the cloud environment by efficiently meeting the growing demand for low-latency and higher speeds. Our routed optical networking systems, based on our Silicon One and pluggable optic solutions, allow us to transform the economics of building and operating networks for our service provider customers, including our webscale customers. Our Cisco 8000 series routers provide broad capacity in high-density designs, allowing our customers to reduce operational footprints, lower carbon emissions, and evolve to more efficient network architectures. We believe silicon and optics are foundational technologies for the continued buildout of the Internet. As connection speeds increase, optics become increasingly important in our view. 
 Collaboration 
 Our Collaboration product category consists of our Meetings, Collaboration Devices, Calling, Contact Center and Communication Platform as a Service (CPaaS) offerings. Our offerings within the Collaboration portfolio consist of software offerings, including perpetual licenses and subscription arrangements, as well as hardware. Our Collaboration strategy is to power hybrid work by reimagining employee and customer experiences to be more inclusive and engaging by providing technology that enables distributed teams to collaborate effortlessly. We offer end-to-end collaboration solutions that can be delivered from the cloud, on-premise or within hybrid cloud environments allowing customers to transition their collaboration solutions from on-premise to the cloud. Artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities are embedded across the Webex portfolio, providing collaboration experiences that integrate people insights, relationship and audio intelligence to help improve productivity. Our CPaaS is a cloud communications platform that integrates communication channels and existing back-end business systems together to help enable the orchestration and automation of all customer and employee interactions. 
 End-to-End Security 
 The End-to-End Security product category consists of our Cloud and Application Security, Industrial Security, Network Security, and User and Device Security offerings. Security continues to be a leading priority for our customers, regardless of size or industry. We continue to invest in resources across our security portfolio focused on cloud-based offerings, AI-driven threat detection and end-to-end security architectures. Additionally, we continue to invest in expanding our SASE architecture by delivering combined network and security functionality in a single cloud-native service. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Optimized Application Experiences 
 The Optimized Application Experiences product category consists of our full stack observability and network assurance offerings. Our full stack observability offerings are designed to bring together and provide end-to-end visibility of our customer s environments across applications, networks, multi-cloud infrastructures and the Internet, to help deliver full stack observability for modern environments and drive relevant real-time insights. Our Intersight Infrastructure Services, a cloud-delivered SaaS offering, provides lifecycle operations management, automation, orchestration, and monitoring capabilities for customers infrastructure deployments from Data Center to the Edge. Our monitoring and analytics offering, AppDynamics, monitors performance across different application-related domains. Our network assurance offering, ThousandEyes, is a network intelligence platform that provides in-depth visibility into network and Internet performance. It enables organizations to see, understand, and improve every digital experience and assure seamless connectivity for their modern digital environments. 
 Services 
 In addition to our product offerings, we provide a broad range of service and support options for our customers. Our overall service and support offerings are combined into one organization, Customer Experience, that is responsible for the end-to-end customer experience. 
 Our support and maintenance services help our customers ensure their products operate efficiently, remain available, and benefit from the most up-to-date system and application software. These services help customers protect their network investments, manage risk, and minimize downtime for systems running mission-critical applications. 
 We also provide comprehensive advisory services that are focused on responsive, preventive, and consultative support of our technologies for specific networking needs. We are investing in and expanding advisory services in the areas of software, cloud, security, and analytics, which reflects our strategy of selling customer outcomes. We are focused on three priorities: utilizing technology advisory services to drive higher product and services; assessment and migration services providing the tools, expertise and methodologies to enable our customers to migrate to new technology platforms; and providing optimization services aligned with customers business expectations. 
 Customers and Markets 
 Many factors influence the IT, collaboration, and networking requirements of our customers. These include the size of the organization, number and types of technology systems, geographic location, and business applications deployed throughout the customer s network. Our customer base is not limited to any specific industry, geography, or market segment. Our customers primarily operate in the following markets: enterprise, commercial, service provider, and public sector. 
 Enterprise 
 Enterprise businesses are large regional, national, or global organizations with multiple locations or branch offices. Many enterprise businesses have unique IT, collaboration, and networking needs within a multivendor environment. We offer service and support packages, financing, and managed network services, primarily through our service provider partners. We sell these products through a network of third-party application and technology vendors and channel partners, as well as selling directly to these customers. 
 Commercial 
 The commercial market represents larger, or midmarket and small businesses. We sell to our midmarket customers through a combination of our direct sales force and channel partners. These customers typically require the latest advanced technologies that our enterprise customers demand, but with less complexity. Small businesses require information technologies and communications products that are easy to configure, install, and maintain. We sell to these smaller organizations within the commercial market primarily through channel partners. 
 Service Providers 
 Service providers offer data, voice, video, and mobile/wireless services to businesses, governments, utilities, and consumers worldwide. The service provider market includes regional, national, and international wireline carriers, webscale operators as well as Internet, cable, and wireless providers. We also include media, broadcast, and content providers within our service provider market, as the lines in the telecommunications industry continue to blur between traditional network-based, content-based and application-based services. Service providers use a variety of our products and services for their own networks. In addition, many service providers use Cisco data center, virtualization, and collaboration technologies to offer managed or Internet-based services to their business customers. Compared with other customers, service providers are more likely to require network design, deployment, and support services because of the greater scale and higher complexity of their networks, whose requirements are addressed, we believe, by our architectural approach. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Public Sector 
 The public sector market includes federal, state and local governments, as well as educational institution customers. Many public sector customers have unique IT, collaboration, and networking needs within a multi-vendor environment. We sell to public sector customers through a network of third-party application and technology vendors, channel partners, as well as through direct sales. 
 Sales Overview 
 As of the end of fiscal 2023, our worldwide sales and marketing functions consisted of approximately 26,000 employees, including managers, sales representatives, and technical support personnel. We sell our products and services both directly and indirectly through a variety of channels with support from our salesforce. A substantial portion of our products and services is sold indirectly through channel partners, and the remainder is sold through direct sales. Channel partners include systems integrators, service providers, other third-party resellers, and distributors. 
 Systems integrators and service providers typically sell directly to end users and often provide system installation, technical support, professional services, and other support services in addition to network equipment sales. Systems integrators also typically integrate our products into an overall solution. Some service providers are also systems integrators. 
 Distributors may hold inventory and sell to systems integrators, service providers, and other third-party resellers. We refer to sales through distributors as our two-tier system of sales to the end customer. Revenue from two-tier distributors is recognized based on a sell-in method. These distributors may be given business terms that allow them to return a limited portion of inventory, receive credits for changes in selling prices, receive certain rebates, and participate in various cooperative marketing programs. 
 For information regarding risks related to our sales channels, see Item 1A. Risk Factors, including the risk factors entitled Disruption of or changes in our distribution model could harm our sales and margins and Inventory management relating to our sales to our two-tier distribution channel is complex, and excess inventory may harm our gross margins. 
 For information regarding risks relating to our international operations, see Item 1A. Risk Factors, including the risk factors entitled Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions and the uncertain geopolitical environment; Entrance into new or developing markets exposes us to additional competition and will likely increase demands on our service and support operations; Due to the global nature of our operations, political or economic changes or other factors in a specific country or region could harm our operating results and financial condition; We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could negatively impact our financial results and cash flows; and Cyber attacks, data breaches or other incidents may disrupt our operations, harm our operating results and financial condition, and damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business; and cyber attacks, data breaches or other incidents on our customers or third-party providers networks, or in cloud-based services provided to, by, or enabled by us, could result in claims of liability against us, give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business, among others. 
 Our service offerings complement our products through a range of consulting, technical, project, quality, and software maintenance services, including 24-hour online and telephone support through technical assistance centers. 
 Financing Arrangements 
 We provide financing arrangements for certain qualified customers to build, maintain, and upgrade their networks. We believe customer financing is a competitive advantage in obtaining business, particularly for those customers involved in significant infrastructure projects. Our financing arrangements include loans, leases (sales-type, direct financing and operating) and channels financing arrangements. 
 Acquisitions, Investments, and Alliances 
 The markets in which we compete require a wide variety of technologies, products, and capabilities. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire and invest in businesses and technologies that complement and enable further investment in our key priority areas. 
 Acquisitions 
 We acquire companies in order to gain access to talent, technology, products and features, operational capabilities or new markets. The risks associated with acquisitions are more fully discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, including the risk factor entitled We have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions that could disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Investments in Privately Held Companies 
 We make investments in privately held companies that develop technology or provide services that are complementary to our products or that provide insights into emerging technologies that may become relevant to our businesses. The risks associated with these investments are more fully discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, including the risk factor entitled We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our portfolio investments and in interest rates; impairment of our investments could harm our earnings. 
 Strategic Alliances 
 We pursue strategic alliances with other companies in areas where collaboration can produce industry advancement and accelerate new markets. The objectives and goals of a strategic alliance can include technology exchange, product development, joint sales and marketing, or new market creation. 
 Companies with which we have strategic alliances in some areas may be competitors in other areas, and in our view this trend may increase. The risks associated with our strategic alliances are more fully discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, including the risk factor entitled If we do not successfully manage our strategic alliances, we may not realize the expected benefits from such alliances and we may experience increased competition or delays in product development. 
 Competition 
 We compete in the networking and communications equipment markets, providing products and services designed to transport, and help secure data, voice, and video traffic across cloud, private and public networks and the Internet. These market factors represent a competitive threat to us. We compete with numerous vendors in each product category. The overall number of our competitors providing niche product solutions may increase. Also, the identity and composition of competitors may change as we increase our activity in newer product areas, and in key priority and growth areas. As we continue to expand globally, we may see new competition in different geographic regions. In particular, we have experienced price-focused competition from competitors in Asia, especially from China, and we anticipate this will continue. 
 Our competitors (in each case relative to only some of our products or services) include: Amazon Web Services LLC; Arista Networks, Inc.; Broadcom Inc.; Ciena Corporation; CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc.; Datadog Inc.; Dell Technologies Inc.; Dynatrace Inc.; Fortinet, Inc.; Hewlett-Packard Enterprise Company; Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.; Juniper Networks, Inc.; Microsoft Corporation; New Relic, Inc.; Nokia Corporation; Nvidia Corporation; Palo Alto Networks, Inc.; RingCentral, Inc.; VMware, Inc.; Zoom Video Communications, Inc.; and Zscaler, Inc.; among others. 
 Some of our competitors compete across many of our product lines, while others are primarily focused in a specific product area. Barriers to entry are relatively low, and new ventures to create products that do or could compete with our products are regularly formed. In addition, some of our competitors may have greater resources, including technical and engineering resources, than we do. As we expand into new markets, we will face competition not only from our existing competitors but also from other competitors, including existing companies with strong technological, marketing, and sales positions in those markets. We also sometimes face competition from resellers and distributors of our products. Companies with which we have strategic alliances in some areas may be competitors in other areas, and this trend may increase. For example, the enterprise data center is undergoing a fundamental transformation arising from the convergence of technologies, including computing, networking, storage, and software, that previously were segregated. Additionally, companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their business with us. 
 The principal competitive factors in the markets in which we presently compete and may compete in the future include the ability to sell successful business outcomes; the ability to provide a broad range of networking and communications products and services; product performance; price; the ability to introduce new products, including providing continuous new customer value and products with price-performance advantages; the ability to reduce production costs; the ability to provide value-added features such as security, reliability, and investment protection; conformance to standards; market presence; the ability to provide financing; and disruptive technology shifts and new business models. 
 We also face competition from customers to which we license or supply technology and suppliers from which we transfer technology. The inherent nature of networking requires interoperability. As such, we must cooperate and, at the same time, compete with many companies. Any inability to effectively manage these complicated relationships with customers, suppliers, and strategic alliance partners could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition and accordingly affect our chances of success. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development 
 We regularly introduce new products and features to address the requirements of our markets. We allocate our research and development budget among our product categories, which consist of Secure, Agile Networks; Internet for the Future; Collaboration; End-to-End Security; Optimized Application Experiences; and Other Product technologies. Our research and development expenditures are applied generally to all product areas, with specific areas of focus being identified from time to time. Our expenditures for research and development costs were expensed as incurred. 
 The industry in which we compete is subject to rapid technological developments, evolving standards, changes in customer requirements, and new product introductions and enhancements. As a result, our success depends, in part, on our ability, on a cost-effective and timely basis, to continue to enhance our existing products and to develop and introduce new products that improve performance and reduce total cost of ownership. To achieve these objectives, our management and engineering personnel work with customers to identify and respond to customer needs, as well as with other innovators of Internet networking products, including universities, laboratories, and corporations. We also expect to continue to make acquisitions and strategic investments, where appropriate, to provide us with access to new technologies. Nonetheless, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop products to address new customer requirements and technological changes or that those products will achieve market acceptance. 
 Manufacturing 
 We rely on contract manufacturers for our manufacturing needs. We presently use a variety of independent third-party companies to provide services related to printed-circuit board assembly, in-circuit test, product repair, and product assembly. Proprietary software in electronically programmable memory chips is used to configure products that meet customer requirements and to maintain quality control and security. The manufacturing process enables us to configure the hardware and software in unique combinations to meet a wide variety of individual customer requirements. The manufacturing process also uses automated testing equipment and burn-in procedures, as well as comprehensive inspection, testing, and statistical process controls, which are designed to help ensure the quality and reliability of our products. The manufacturing processes and procedures are generally certified to International Organization for Standardization 9001 standards. 
 Our arrangements with contract manufacturers generally provide for quality, cost, and delivery requirements, as well as manufacturing process terms, such as continuity of supply; inventory management; flexibility regarding capacity, quality, and cost management; oversight of manufacturing; and conditions for use of our intellectual property. We have not entered into any significant long-term contracts with any manufacturing service provider. We generally have the option to renew arrangements on an as-needed basis. These arrangements generally do not commit us to purchase any particular amount or any quantities beyond amounts covered by orders or forecasts that we submit covering discrete periods of time. 
 Patents, Intellectual Property, and Licensing 
 We seek to establish and maintain our proprietary rights in our technology and products through the use of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secret laws. We have a program to file applications for and obtain patents, copyrights, and trademarks in the United States and in selected foreign countries where we believe filing for such protection is appropriate. We also seek to maintain our trade secrets and confidential information by nondisclosure policies and through the use of appropriate confidentiality agreements. We have obtained a substantial number of patents and trademarks in the United States and in other countries. There can be no assurance, however, that the rights obtained can be successfully enforced against infringing products in every jurisdiction. Although we believe the protection afforded by our patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets has value, the rapidly changing technology in the networking industry and uncertainties in the legal process make our future success dependent primarily on the innovative skills, technological expertise, and management abilities of our employees rather than on the protection afforded by patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws. 
 Many of our products are designed to include software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products, we believe, based upon past experience and standard industry practice, that such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. Nonetheless, there can be no assurance that the necessary licenses would be available on acceptable terms, if at all. Our inability to obtain certain licenses or other rights or to obtain such licenses or rights on favorable terms, or the need to engage in litigation regarding these matters, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Moreover, inclusion in our products of software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties on a nonexclusive basis can limit our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our products. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 The industry in which we compete is characterized by rapidly changing technology, a large number of patents, and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. There can be no assurance that our patents and other proprietary rights will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented; that others will not assert intellectual property rights to technologies that are relevant to us; or that our rights will give us a competitive advantage. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. The risks associated with patents and intellectual property are more fully discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, including the risk factors entitled Our proprietary rights may prove difficult to enforce, We may be found to infringe on intellectual property rights of others, and We rely on the availability of third-party licenses. 
 Government Regulation 
 We are subject to numerous regulations and laws in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business. Many of these regulations and laws are evolving and their applicability and scope, as interpreted by courts and regulators, remain uncertain. These regulations and laws involve a variety of matters including privacy, data protection and personal information, tax, trade, encryption technology, environmental sustainability (including climate change), human rights, product certification, and national security. 
 A failure, or alleged failure, by us to comply with regulations or laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. For additional information about government regulation and laws applicable to our business, see Item 1A. Risk Factors, including the risk factor entitled Our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially harmed by evolving regulatory uncertainty or obligations applicable to our products and services and Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, subsection (f) Legal Proceedings. 
 Talent and Culture 
 At Cisco, we value our people and our technology, and we leverage our broader ecosystems to positively impact the world and pursue our purpose to Power an Inclusive Future for All. Our goal is to attract, retain, and develop talent in order to help our customers connect, secure, and accelerate their digital agility. Our relationship with our employees is one of mutual benefit. Our employees bring talent and ingenuity to everything we do, and in turn, we provide employees with meaningful careers and development opportunities. 
 For the third year in a row, Cisco has been named the number one company to work for in Fortune Magazine s 100 Best Companies to Work For 2023 rankings in the United States. Fortune and Great Place to Work have published their United States rankings for the past 26 years, and Cisco has been recognized on every annual list. Cisco has also received top ranking in 15 additional countries, including Australia, Canada, Costa Rica, Mexico, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Indonesia, Japan, Spain, Switzerland, United Kingdom, and Vietnam. 
 As of July 29, 2023, we had approximately 84,900 employees and they are categorized as follows: 
 
 We support our employees through times of change and enable them to be their best. We do this by fostering a Conscious Culture. Conscious Culture speaks to the importance of everyone being aware conscious of the environment they are part of, and feeling accountable, empowered, and expected to contribute to creating a culture where all Cisco employees feel safe and can thrive. We re aware of how we treat one another and speak up when we see behavior that s out of step with our beliefs. There is a direct connection between the culture we create internally and how our people are helping bring about a better world. 
 In the same way that every employee at Cisco is responsible for our Conscious Culture, we also want every employee to feel responsible for and contribute to our purpose to Power an Inclusive Future for All. This is as much a commitment from Cisco as it is from our employees. Our people often ask the toughest questions around how we are impacting society for the better, from 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 addressing homelessness to combating climate change. And often the best ideas for how we can do even more come directly from them. Future employees expect it too. More and more, talent want to work for a company where their work has meaning and where they see their values reflected in the organization. 
 Inclusion Diversity 
 Inclusion and diversity are core components in our Conscious Culture. Inclusivity is our strength and our priority. We want every employee to feel valued, respected, and heard. We are prioritizing inclusion and diversity across the company, recognizing that connecting people of all experiences and backgrounds allows us to improve innovation and collaboration. 
 In order to continue accelerating diversity and finding extraordinary talent, we have designed a framework that includes introducing new tools and technologies to help accurately map the talent market, creating job roles that attract highly qualified diverse candidates, and expanding the diversity within our interview panels. 
 We currently have a total of 29 Inclusive Communities comprised of 11 Employee Resource Organizations and 18 Employee Networks supporting full-spectrum diversity globally, including gender, ethnicity, race, sexual orientation, age, ability, veteran status, religion, culture, background, as well as varied experiences, strengths, and perspectives. These thriving communities continue to be a source of strength and support for employees, and they help to foster a more conscious culture by providing opportunities for proximity and learning. 
 Cisco has signed the CEO Action for Diversity and Inclusion Pledge. The CEO Action for Diversity Inclusion Pledge is a CEO-driven pledge to drive measurable action and meaningful change in advancing diversity, equity and inclusion in the workplace. This year, Cisco also signed The Valuable 500 statement, a global movement putting disability inclusion on the business leadership agenda and celebrating those committed to inclusion. We are delivering on these actions by accelerating diversity across the full-spectrum of diversity including gender, age, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, ability, nationality, religion, veteran status, background, culture, experience, strengths and perspectives. At Cisco, it starts at the top: 42 of our Executive Leadership Team (ELT) are women and 50 are diverse in terms of ethnicity. 
 We publish certain gender diversity and ethnic diversity workforce data annually. Across our global company, we have driven broad improvements in overall workforce diversity. Based on our fiscal 2022 data which excludes certain acquisitions, our global employee base was comprised of 29 women, 71 men and 0.1 nonbinary, and our U.S. employee base was comprised of the following ethnicities: 50.9 White/Caucasian, 34.6 Asian, 6.6 Hispanic/Latino, 5.5 African American/Black, 1.9 two or more races (not Hispanic or Latino), 0.3 American Indian or Alaska Native and 0.2 Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander. 
 With respect to social justice, Cisco has been partnering across the globe to scale and amplify our positive impact. We have published our Social Justice Beliefs Actions, which is our blueprint for how we respond to injustice and address inequity for any community. We are creating actions that can be replicated and scaled and are designed to cover the full spectrum of diversity, inclusive of gender, generation, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, ability, nationality, and background the foundation of our Conscious Culture. This work is part of a plan for Cisco to drive transformational, generational impact for vulnerable communities. Our Social Justice Action Office helps drive accountability, progress, and excellence in our strategic actions in this area, which are designed to address the broader ecosystem including our employees, partners, customers, and suppliers. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Our total compensation philosophy is designed to attract, reward, and retain talent. It provides market competitive, performance-based compensation aligned with each employee s contribution and impact to the value we drive to our customers, partners and stockholders. We reward and recognize our employees for effecting innovation, collaboration, profitability, and growth within our geographies, product lines, and functions. 
 Cisco has always been committed to compensating our employees fairly and equitably. We are a founding signer of the White House Equal Pay Pledge and the Parity.org pledge, and are a leader in the charge to make fair pay a reality for all employees through the Employers for Pay Equity Consortium. We have also introduced an innovative and inclusive framework that provides us powerful analytics to evaluate our complex compensation system. For example, by using these powerful analytics, we are able to test for pay parity on a regular basis, and when gaps are found, we strive to correct them. 
 As part of our Social Justice Beliefs and Actions, we have expanded our pay parity program beyond base salary to include additional forms of compensation fairness such as promotion, bonuses, and stock decisions made in our rewards programs. We aim to ensure the program addresses all employees across the full spectrum of diversity incorporating our global self-reported data collection. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Health Well-being 
 We have an ongoing commitment to focus on the health, safety, and well-being of our employees. We provide our employees and their families with high-quality, flexible, and convenient benefits and resources for their physical, mental, and financial well-being. We strive to support our employees as they balance careers and personal lives, as well as their own physical, emotional, and financial health. We continue to emphasize a focus on both physical and mental health, recognizing the need to create an environment where employees can speak openly about mental health and other matters. 
 We have hosted discussions during Cisco Check-Ins, expanded our Safe to Talk program, introduced mindfulness courses, enhanced our Employee Assistance Program offerings, improved the out-of-network provider benefit for substance abuse and mental health treatment, and more. In fiscal 2023, we continued to offer employees A Day for Me, which were paid days off that allowed for each individual to recharge and rest. We have moved towards a hybrid work model in certain countries, giving our employees the flexibility to work offsite or at onsite Cisco locations. 
 Employee Development 
 We know careers are not static pathways that look the same for everyone. We also know that the world of work will continue to rapidly evolve, requiring new skillsets. At Cisco, we believe that your career is owned by you, supported by your leader, and enabled by Cisco. This means that while each employee has the power to shape their career on their own terms, they also have a supportive ecosystem to develop the skills they need to succeed both today and tomorrow. We strive to create a culture of one company, many careers. In fiscal 2023, we launched a new career strategy for our people focused on areas we know determine a successful career at Cisco personal brand, network, expertise, and experience and created customized offerings that map to each of them. 
 Employee Engagement 
 We believe that strong communication is key in our Conscious Culture. This communication includes regular, virtual all hands, which we refer to as a Cisco Check-In, and weekly team leader check-ins, which we refer to as a Team Space Check-In. Our regular virtual Cisco Check-Ins were initially launched with a focus on sharing medical information at the start of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Cisco Check-Ins have since evolved into a forum where we can discuss much more with our employees, from business updates to social justice to physical and mental health. 
 In fiscal 2023, we have seen a high level of employee engagement. For example, there were approximately 2.3 million Team Space Check-Ins by our employees in fiscal 2023, reflecting approximately 73,500 employees submitting Team Space Check-Ins. Employees also participate in our global Engagement Pulse Survey and the Real Deal Survey. These surveys allow our employees to provide confidential feedback on our culture, company strategy and trust in their direct leaders. 
 Purpose Report and ESG Reporting Hub 
 Additional information regarding Cisco s ESG initiatives and progress can be found in our annual Purpose Report and on our ESG Reporting Hub at https://www.cisco.com/c/m/en_us/about/csr/esg-hub.html. The contents of our Purpose Report, our ESG Reporting Hub and related supplemental information are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 The following table shows the name, age, and position as of August 31, 2023 of each of our executive officers: 
 Name Age Position with the Company Charles H. Robbins 57 Chair and Chief Executive Officer R. Scott Herren 61 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Maria Martinez 65 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Jeff Sharritts 55 Executive Vice President and Chief Customer and Partner Officer Deborah L. Stahlkopf 53 Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer 
 Mr. Robbins serves as our Chief Executive Officer since July 2015, as a member of the Board of Directors since May 2015, and as Chair of the Board since December 2017. Mr. Robbins joined Cisco in December 1997, from which time until March 2002 he held a number of managerial positions within Cisco s sales organization. Mr. Robbins was promoted to Vice President in March 2002, assuming leadership of Cisco s U.S. channel sales organization. Additionally, in July 2005, Mr. Robbins assumed leadership of Cisco s Canada channel sales organization. In December 2007, Mr. Robbins was promoted to Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial, and, in August 2009 he was appointed Senior Vice President, U.S. Enterprise, Commercial and Canada. In July 2011, Mr. Robbins was named Senior Vice President, Americas. In October 2012, Mr. Robbins was 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 promoted to Senior Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations, in which position he served until assuming the role of Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Robbins is also a member of the board of directors of BlackRock, Inc. (since 2017). 
 Mr. Herren joined Cisco in December 2020 and serves as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Cisco, Mr. Herren served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Autodesk, Inc. Autodesk since November 2014. Prior to joining Autodesk, Mr. Herren served as Senior Vice President of Finance at Citrix Systems, Inc. Citrix from September 2011 to October 2014, and in a variety of other leadership roles after joining Citrix in March 2000, including as Vice President and Managing Director for EMEA and Vice President and General Manager of Citrix s virtualization systems group. Before joining Citrix, Mr. Herren spent over 15 years in senior strategy and financial positions at FedEx Corporation and International Business Machines Corporation. 
 Ms. Martinez joined Cisco in April 2018 and served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Experience Officer until her appointment as our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in March 2021. Prior to joining Cisco, Ms. Martinez served in a variety of senior executive roles at salesforce.com, inc. Salesforce ), including as President, Global Customer Success and Latin America from March 2016 to April 2018; President, Sales and Customer Success from February 2013 to March 2016; Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer from February 2012 to February 2013; and as Executive Vice President, Customers for Life from February 2010 to February 2012. Ms. Martinez s experience prior to Salesforce includes serving as Corporate Vice President of Worldwide Services at Microsoft Corporation Microsoft ), President and Chief Executive Officer of Embrace Networks, Inc., and various senior leadership roles at Motorola, Inc. and AT T Inc./Bell Laboratories. Ms. Martinez is a member of the board of directors of McKesson Corporation (since 2019) and Cue Health Inc. (since 2021). 
 Mr. Sharritts joined Cisco in July 2000 and serves as our Executive Vice President and Chief Customer and Partner Officer. Previously, Mr. Sharritts served as Cisco s Senior Vice President, Americas Sales from July 2018 to May 2022, in which position he served until his current role. Mr. Sharritts also served as Cisco s Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial Sales from December 2014 to July 2018. Additionally, Mr. Sharritts has held several other leadership positions in Cisco s Commercial, Public Sector, Service Provider, and Channels sales organizations from July 2000 to December 2014. Mr. Sharritts is a member of the board of directors of Mueller Water Products, Inc. (since 2021). 
 Ms. Stahlkopf joined Cisco in August 2021 and serves as our Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer. Prior to joining Cisco, Ms. Stahlkopf spent 14 years at Microsoft, where she served most recently as Corporate Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Corporate, External and Legal Affairs from April 2018 to July 2021. Ms. Stahlkopf also served in other leadership roles at Microsoft, including as Vice President and Deputy General Counsel from December 2015 to April 2018 and as Associate General Counsel from December 2010 to December 2015. Prior to joining Microsoft, Ms. Stahlkopf practiced law at Perkins Coie LLP and Cooley Godward LLP. Ms. Stahlkopf is a member of the board of directors of NextEra Energy, Inc. (since 2023). 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file with the SEC are descriptions of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. 
 Risks Related to our Business and Industry 
 Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may adversely affect our stock price. 
 Our operating results have been in the past, and will continue to be, subject to quarterly and annual fluctuations as a result of numerous factors, some of which may contribute to more pronounced fluctuations in an uncertain global economic environment. These factors include: 
 Fluctuations in demand for our products and services, especially with respect to service providers and Internet businesses, in part due to changes in the global economic environment 
 Changes in sales and implementation cycles for our products and reduced visibility into our customers spending plans and associated revenue 
 Our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels and purchase commitments 
 Price and product competition in the communications and networking industries, which can change rapidly due to technological innovation and different business models from various geographic regions 
 The overall movement toward industry consolidation among both our competitors and our customers 
 The introduction and market acceptance of new technologies and products, and our success in new and evolving markets, and in emerging technologies, as well as the adoption of new standards 
 The transformation of our business to deliver more software and subscription offerings where revenue is recognized over time 
 Variations in sales channels, product costs, mix of products sold, or mix of direct sales and indirect sales 
 The timing, size, and mix of orders from customers 
 Manufacturing and customer lead times 
 Fluctuations in our gross margins, and the factors that contribute to such fluctuations 
 The ability of our customers, channel partners, contract manufacturers and suppliers to obtain financing or to fund capital expenditures, especially during a period of global credit market disruption or in the event of customer, channel partner, contract manufacturer or supplier financial problems 
 Actual events, circumstances, outcomes, and amounts differing from judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in determining the values of certain assets (including the amounts of related valuation allowances), liabilities, and other items reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements 
 How well we execute on our strategy and operating plans and the impact of changes in our business model that could result in significant restructuring charges 
 Our ability to achieve targeted cost reductions 
 Benefits anticipated from our investments 
 Changes in tax laws or accounting rules, or interpretations thereof 
 As a consequence, operating results for a particular future period are difficult to predict, and, therefore, prior results are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected in future periods. Any of the foregoing factors, or any other factors discussed elsewhere herein, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition that could adversely affect our stock price. 
 Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions and the uncertain geopolitical environment. 
 Challenging economic conditions, including rising inflation, or other changes, worldwide have from time to time contributed, and may continue to contribute, to slowdowns in the communications and networking industries at large, as well as in specific segments and markets in which we operate, resulting in: reduced demand for our products as a result of continued constraints on IT-related capital spending by our customers, particularly service providers, and other customer markets as well; increased price competition for our products, not only from our competitors but also as a consequence of customers disposing of unutilized products; risk of excess and obsolete inventories; risk of supply constraints; risk of excess facilities and manufacturing capacity; and higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue and higher interest expense. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 The global macroeconomic environment continues to be challenging and inconsistent. In certain prior periods, we have seen a broad-based weakening in the global macroeconomic environment which has impacted and could impact in the future certain of our markets. Additionally, instability in the global credit markets, the impact of uncertainty regarding global central bank monetary policy, the instability in the geopolitical environment in many parts of the world (including as a result of the on-going Russia and Ukraine war, and China-Taiwan relations), the current economic challenges in China, including global economic ramifications of Chinese economic difficulties, and other disruptions may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions. If global economic and market conditions, or economic conditions in key markets, remain uncertain or deteriorate further, we may experience material impacts on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our operating results in one or more segments may also be affected by uncertain or changing economic conditions particularly germane to that segment or to particular customer markets within that segment. In addition, reports of certain intelligence gathering methods of the U.S. government could affect customers perception of the products of IT companies which design and manufacture products in the United States. Trust and confidence in us as an IT supplier are critical to the development and growth of our markets. Impairment of that trust, or foreign regulatory actions taken in response to reports of certain intelligence gathering methods of the U.S. government, could affect the demand for our products from customers outside of the United States and could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 
 Our revenue for a particular period is difficult to predict, and a shortfall in revenue may harm our operating results. 
 As a result of a variety of factors discussed in this report, our revenue for a particular quarter is difficult to predict, especially in light of a challenging and inconsistent global macroeconomic environment (including as a result of the on-going Russia and Ukraine war), and related market uncertainty. Our revenue may grow at a slower rate than in past periods, or decline as it did in certain prior periods. Our ability to meet financial expectations could also be adversely affected if the nonlinear sales pattern seen in some of our past quarters recurs in future periods. We have experienced periods of time during which shipments have exceeded net bookings or manufacturing issues have delayed shipments, leading to nonlinearity in shipping patterns. In addition to making it difficult to predict revenue for a particular period, nonlinearity in shipping can increase costs, because irregular shipment patterns result in periods of underutilized capacity and periods in which overtime expenses may be incurred, as well as in potential additional inventory management-related costs. In addition, to the extent that manufacturing issues and any related component shortages result in delayed shipments in the future, and particularly in periods in which our contract manufacturers are operating at higher levels of capacity, it is possible that revenue for a quarter could be adversely affected if such matters occur and are not remediated within the same quarter. 
 The timing of large orders can also have a significant effect on our business and operating results from quarter to quarter. From time to time, we receive large orders that have a significant effect on our operating results in the period in which the order is recognized as revenue. The timing of such orders is difficult to predict, and the timing of revenue recognition from such orders may affect period to period changes in revenue. As a result, our operating results could vary materially from quarter to quarter based on the receipt of such orders and their ultimate recognition as revenue. Longer than normal manufacturing lead times in the past have caused, and in the future could cause, some customers to place the same or a similar order multiple times within our various sales channels and to cancel the duplicative orders upon shipment or receipt of the product, or to also place orders with other vendors with shorter manufacturing lead times. Such multiple ordering (along with other factors) or risk of order cancellation may cause difficulty in predicting our revenue. Further, our efforts to improve manufacturing lead-time performance may result in more variability and less predictability in our revenue and operating results. In addition, when facing component supply-related challenges, we have increased our efforts in procuring components in order to meet customer expectations, which in turn contribute to an increase in inventory and purchase commitments. In prior periods, we increased our inventory and purchase commitments in light of the significant supply constraints seen industry-wide due to component shortages. These increases in our inventory and purchase commitments to shorten lead times could also lead to material excess and obsolete inventory charges or other negative impacts to our product gross margin in future periods if product demand significantly weakens for a sustained duration. We plan our operating expense levels based primarily on forecasted revenue levels. These expenses and the impact of long-term commitments are relatively fixed in the short term. A shortfall in revenue could lead to operating results being below expectations because we may not be able to quickly reduce these fixed expenses in response to short-term business changes. Any of the above factors could have a material adverse impact on our operations and financial results. For additional information and a further discussion of impacts and risks related to our supply constraints, inventory commitments and our purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, see Results of Operations Product Gross Margin Supply Constraints Impacts and Risks, Liquidity and Capital Resources Inventory Supply Chain and Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Supply chain issues, including financial problems of contract manufacturers or component suppliers, or a shortage of adequate component supply or manufacturing capacity that increase our costs or cause a delay in our ability to fulfill orders, could have an adverse impact on our business and operating results, and our failure to estimate customer demand properly may result in excess or obsolete component supply, which could adversely affect our gross margins. 
 The fact that we do not own or operate the bulk of our manufacturing facilities and that we are reliant on our extended supply chain could have an adverse impact on the supply of our products and on our business and operating results. Financial problems of either contract manufacturers or component suppliers, reservation of manufacturing capacity at our contract manufacturers by other companies, and industry consolidation occurring within one or more component supplier markets, such as the semiconductor market, in each case, could either limit supply or increase costs. 
 A reduction or interruption in supply, including disruptions on our global supply chain, caused in part by public health emergencies, geopolitical tensions (including as a result of China-Taiwan relations) or a significant natural disaster (including as a result of climate change); a significant increase in the price of one or more components (including as a result of inflation); a failure to adequately authorize procurement of inventory by our contract manufacturers; a failure to appropriately cancel, reschedule, or adjust our requirements based on our business needs; or a decrease in demand for our products could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition and could materially damage customer relationships. Furthermore, as a result of binding price or purchase commitments with suppliers, we may be obligated to purchase components at prices that are higher than those available in the current market. In the event that we become committed to purchase components at prices in excess of the current market price when the components are actually used, our gross margins could decrease. In addition, vendors may be under pressure to allocate product to certain customers for business, regulatory or political reasons, and/or demand changes in agreed pricing as a condition of supply. Although we have generally secured additional supply or taken other mitigation actions when significant disruptions have occurred, if similar situations occur in the future, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend in part on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. We have experienced component shortages in the past, including shortages caused by manufacturing process issues, that have affected our operations, including longer than normal lead times. For example, in recent periods, there was a market shortage of semiconductor and other component supply which affected lead times, the cost of that supply, and our ability to meet customer demand for our products. While supply constraints remain, we saw an overall improvement of such constraints in fiscal 2023. Additionally, we may in the future experience a shortage of certain component parts as a result of our own manufacturing issues, manufacturing issues at our suppliers or contract manufacturers, capacity problems experienced by our suppliers or contract manufacturers including capacity or cost problems resulting from industry consolidation, or strong demand for those parts. Growth in the economy is likely to create greater pressures on us and our suppliers to accurately project overall component demand and component demands within specific product categories and to establish optimal component levels and manufacturing capacity, especially for labor-intensive components, components for which we purchase a substantial portion of the supply, or the re-ramping of manufacturing capacity for highly complex products. During periods of shortages or delays the price of components may increase, or the components may not be available at all, and we may also encounter shortages if we do not accurately anticipate our needs. We may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build new products in a timely manner in the quantities or configurations needed. Accordingly, our revenue and gross margins could suffer until other sources can be developed. 
 Our operating results would also be adversely affected if, anticipating greater demand than actually develops, we commit to the purchase of more components than we need, which is more likely to occur during periods of demand uncertainties such as we have experienced in recent periods and expect to continue to experience over the short- and medium-term. Although in many cases we use standard parts and components for our products, certain components are presently available only from a single source or limited sources, and a global economic downturn and related market uncertainty could negatively impact the availability of components from one or more of these sources, especially during times such as we have recently seen when there are supplier constraints based on labor and other actions taken during economic downturns. We may not be able to diversify sources in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to deliver products to customers and seriously impact present and future sales. 
 We believe that we may be faced with the following challenges in the future: new markets in which we participate may grow quickly, which may make it difficult to quickly obtain significant component capacity; as we acquire companies and new technologies, we may be dependent on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners; and we face competition for certain components that are supply-constrained, from existing competitors, and companies in other markets. 
 Manufacturing capacity and component supply constraints could continue to be significant issues for us. We purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. During the normal course of business, in order to improve manufacturing lead-time performance and to help ensure adequate component supply, we enter into agreements with contract manufacturers and suppliers that either allow them to 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 procure inventory based upon criteria as defined by us or that establish the parameters defining our requirements. In certain instances, these agreements allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed. When facing component supply-related challenges we have increased our efforts in procuring components in order to meet customer expectations, which in turn contributes to an increase in inventory and purchase commitments. In past periods, we increased our inventory and purchase commitments in light of the supply constraints seen industry-wide due to component shortages. These increases in our inventory and purchase commitments to shorten lead times could also lead to material excess and obsolete inventory charges or other negative impacts to our product gross margin in future periods if we fail to anticipate customer demand properly and product demand significantly weakens for a sustained duration. For additional information and a further discussion of impacts and risks related to our supply constraints, inventory commitments and our purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, see Results of Operations Product Gross Margin Supply Constraints Impacts and Risks, Liquidity and Capital Resources Inventory Supply Chain and Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We expect gross margin to vary over time, and our level of product gross margin may not be sustainable. 
 Although our product gross margin increased in fiscal 2023, our level of product gross margins declined in fiscal 2022 and have declined in certain prior periods on a year-over-year basis, and could decline in future periods due to adverse impacts from various factors, including: 
 Changes in customer, geographic, or product mix, including mix of configurations within each product group 
 Introduction of new products, including products with price-performance advantages, and new business models including the transformation of our business to deliver more software and subscription offerings 
 Our ability to reduce production costs 
 Entry into new markets or growth in lower margin markets, including markets with different pricing and cost structures, through acquisitions or internal development 
 Sales discounts 
 Increases in material, labor or other manufacturing-related costs (i.e. component costs, broker fees, expedited freight and overtime) or higher supply chain logistics costs, any of which could be significant, especially during periods of supply constraints for certain costs, such as those that have impacted the market for components, including semiconductors and memory in past periods, and which costs have in the past and may continue to be exacerbated by inflation 
 Excess inventory, inventory holding charges, and obsolescence charges 
 Changes in shipment volume 
 The timing of revenue recognition and revenue deferrals 
 Increased costs (including those caused by tariffs or economic conditions, including inflation), loss of cost savings or dilution of savings due to changes in component pricing or charges incurred due to inventory holding periods if parts ordering does not correctly anticipate product demand or if the financial health of either contract manufacturers or suppliers deteriorates 
 Lower than expected benefits from value engineering 
 Increased price competition, including competitors from Asia, especially from China 
 Changes in distribution channels 
 Increased warranty or royalty costs 
 Increased amortization of purchased intangible assets, especially from acquisitions 
 How well we execute on our strategy and operating plans 
 Changes in service gross margin may result from various factors such as changes in the mix between technical support services and advanced services, as well as the timing of technical support service contract initiations and renewals and the addition of personnel and other resources to support higher levels of service business in future periods. 
 Sales to the service provider market are especially volatile, and weakness in orders from this industry may harm our operating results and financial condition. 
 Sales to the service provider market have been characterized by large and sporadic purchases, especially relating to our router sales and sales of certain other Secure, Agile Networks and Collaboration products, in addition to longer sales cycles. Service provider product orders significantly decreased during fiscal 2023 and we have experienced similar weakness in certain prior periods. Product orders from the service provider market could continue to decline and, as has been the case in the past, such weakness could persist over extended periods of time given fluctuating market conditions. Sales activity in this industry 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 depends upon the stage of completion of expanding network infrastructures; the availability of funding; and the extent to which service providers are affected by regulatory, economic, and business conditions in the country of operations. Weakness in orders from this industry, including as a result of any slowdown in capital expenditures by service providers (which may be more prevalent during a global economic downturn, or periods of economic, political or regulatory uncertainty), could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Such slowdowns may continue or recur in future periods. Orders from this industry could decline for many reasons other than the competitiveness of our products and services within their respective markets. For example, in the past, many of our service provider customers have been materially and adversely affected by slowdowns in the general economy, by overcapacity, by changes in the service provider market, by regulatory developments, and by constraints on capital availability, resulting in business failures and substantial reductions in spending and expansion plans. These conditions have materially harmed our business and operating results in the past, and could affect our business and operating results in any future period. Finally, service provider customers typically have longer implementation cycles; require a broader range of services, including design services; demand that vendors take on a larger share of risks; often require acceptance provisions, which can lead to a delay in revenue recognition; and expect financing from vendors. All these factors can add further risk to business conducted with service providers. 
 Disruption of or changes in our distribution model could harm our sales and margins. 
 If we fail to manage distribution of our products and services properly, or if our distributors financial condition or operations weaken, our revenue and gross margins could be adversely affected. A substantial portion of our products and services is sold through our channel partners, and the remainder is sold through direct sales. Our channel partners include systems integrators, service providers, other third-party resellers, and distributors. Systems integrators and service providers typically sell directly to end users and often provide system installation, technical support, professional services, and other support services in addition to network equipment sales. Systems integrators also typically integrate our products into an overall solution, and a number of service providers are also systems integrators. Distributors stock inventory and typically sell to systems integrators, service providers, and other third-party resellers. We refer to sales through distributors as our two-tier system of sales to the end customer. If sales through indirect channels increase, this may lead to greater difficulty in forecasting the mix of our products and, to a degree, the timing of orders from our customers. 
 Historically, we have seen fluctuations in our gross margins based on changes in the balance of our distribution channels. There can be no assurance that changes in the balance of our distribution model in future periods would not have an adverse effect on our gross margins and profitability. Some factors could result in disruption of or changes in our distribution model, which could harm our sales and margins, including the following: competition with some of our channel partners, including through our direct sales, which may lead these channel partners to use other suppliers that do not directly sell their own products or otherwise compete with them; some of our channel partners may demand that we absorb a greater share of the risks that their customers may ask them to bear; some of our channel partners may have insufficient financial resources and may not be able to withstand changes and challenges in business conditions; and revenue from indirect sales could suffer if our distributors financial condition or operations weaken. In addition, we depend on our channel partners globally to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. To the extent that they fail to do so, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Further, sales of our products outside of agreed territories can result in disruption to our distribution channels. 
 The markets in which we compete are intensely competitive, which could adversely affect our achievement of revenue growth. 
 The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid change, converging technologies, and a migration to networking and communications solutions that offer relative advantages. These market factors represent a competitive threat to us. We compete with numerous vendors in each product category. The overall number of our competitors providing niche product solutions may increase. Also, the identity and composition of competitors may change as we increase our activity in newer product areas, and in key priority and growth areas. For example, as products related to network programmability, such as software defined networking (SDN) products, have become more prevalent, we have faced increased competition from companies that develop networking products based on commoditized hardware, referred to as white box hardware, to the extent customers decide to purchase those product offerings instead of ours. In addition, the growth in demand for technology delivered as a service enables new competitors to enter the market. As we continue to expand globally, we may see new competition in different geographic regions. In particular, we have experienced price-focused competition from competitors in Asia, especially from China, and we anticipate this will continue. For information regarding our competitors, see the section entitled Competition contained in Item 1. Business of this report. 
 Some of our competitors compete across many of our product lines, while others are primarily focused in a specific product area. Barriers to entry are relatively low, and new ventures to create products that do or could compete with our products are regularly formed. In addition, some of our competitors may have greater resources, including technical and engineering resources, than we do. As we expand into new markets, we will face competition not only from our existing competitors but 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 also from other competitors, including existing companies with strong technological, marketing, and sales positions in those markets. We also sometimes face competition from resellers and distributors of our products. Companies with which we have strategic alliances in some areas may be competitors in other areas, and this trend may increase. For example, the enterprise data center is undergoing a fundamental transformation arising from the convergence of technologies, including computing, networking, storage, and software, that previously were segregated. Due to several factors, including the availability of highly scalable and general purpose microprocessors, ASICs offering advanced services, standards based protocols, cloud computing and virtualization, the convergence of technologies within the enterprise data center is spanning multiple, previously independent, technology segments. Also, some of our current and potential competitors for enterprise data center business have made acquisitions, or announced new strategic alliances, designed to position them to provide end-to-end technology solutions for the enterprise data center. As a result of all of these developments, we face greater competition in the development and sale of enterprise data center technologies, including competition from entities that are among our long-term strategic alliance partners. Companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their business with us. 
 The principal competitive factors in the markets in which we presently compete and may compete in the future include the ability to sell successful business outcomes; the ability to provide a broad range of networking and communications products and services; product performance; price; the ability to introduce new products, including providing continuous new customer value and products with price-performance advantages; the ability to reduce production costs; the ability to provide value-added features such as security, reliability, and investment protection; conformance to standards; market presence; the ability to provide financing; and disruptive technology shifts and new business models. 
 We also face competition from customers to which we license or supply technology and suppliers from which we transfer technology. The inherent nature of networking requires interoperability. As such, we must cooperate and at the same time compete with many companies. Any inability to effectively manage these complicated relationships with customers, suppliers, and strategic alliance partners could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition and accordingly affect our chances of success. 
 If we do not successfully manage our strategic alliances, we may not realize the expected benefits from such alliances, and we may experience increased competition or delays in product development. 
 We have several strategic alliances with large and complex organizations and other companies with which we work to offer complementary products and services. These arrangements are generally limited to specific projects, the goal of which is generally to facilitate product compatibility and adoption of industry standards. There can be no assurance we will realize the expected benefits from these strategic alliances or from joint ventures. If successful, these relationships may be mutually beneficial and result in industry growth. However, alliances carry an element of risk because, in most cases, we must compete in some business areas with a company with which we have a strategic alliance and, at the same time, cooperate with that company in other business areas. Also, if these companies fail to perform or if these relationships fail to materialize as expected, we could suffer delays in product development or other operational difficulties. Joint ventures can be difficult to manage, given the potentially different interests of joint venture partners. 
 Inventory management relating to our sales to our two-tier distribution channel is complex, and excess inventory may harm our gross margins. 
 We must manage inventory relating to sales to our distributors effectively, because inventory held by them could affect our results of operations. Our distributors may increase orders during periods of product shortages, cancel orders if their inventory is too high, or delay orders in anticipation of new products. They also may adjust their orders in response to the supply of our products and the products of our competitors that are available to them, and in response to seasonal fluctuations in end-user demand. Our distributors are generally given business terms that allow them to return a portion of inventory, receive credits for changes in selling price, and participate in various cooperative marketing programs. Inventory management remains an area of focus as we balance the need to maintain strategic inventory levels to ensure competitive lead times against the risk of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and customer requirements. When facing component supply-related challenges, we have increased our efforts in procuring components in order to meet customer expectations. If we ultimately determine that we have excess inventory, we may have to reduce our prices and write down inventory, which in turn could result in lower gross margins. 
 We depend upon the development of new products and services, and enhancements to existing products and services, and if we fail to predict and respond to emerging technological trends and customers changing needs, our operating results and market share may suffer. 
 The markets for our products and services are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, new product and service introductions, and evolving methods of building and operating networks. Our operating results depend on 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to develop and introduce new products and services into existing and emerging markets and to reduce the production costs of existing products. If customers do not purchase and/or renew our offerings our business could be harmed. 
 The process of developing new technology, including more programmable, flexible and virtual networks, and technology related to other market transitions such as security, digital transformation and IoT, and cloud is complex and uncertain, and if we fail to accurately predict customers changing needs and emerging technological trends our business could be harmed. We must commit significant resources, including the investments we have been making in our strategic priorities to developing new products and services before knowing whether our investments will result in products and services the market will accept. In particular, if our model of the evolution of networking does not emerge as we believe it will, or if the industry does not evolve as we believe it will, or if our strategy for addressing this evolution is not successful, many of our strategic initiatives and investments may be of no or limited value. For example, if we do not introduce products related to network programmability, such as software-defined-networking products, in a timely fashion, or if product offerings in this market that ultimately succeed are based on technology, or an approach to technology, that differs from ours, such as, for example, networking products based on white box hardware, our business could be harmed. Similarly, our business could be harmed if we fail to develop, or fail to develop in a timely fashion, offerings to address other transitions, or if the offerings addressing these other transitions that ultimately succeed are based on technology, or an approach to technology, different from ours. In addition, our business could be adversely affected in periods surrounding our new product introductions if customers delay purchasing decisions to qualify or otherwise evaluate the new product offerings. We have also been transforming our business to move from selling individual products and services to selling products and services integrated into architectures and solutions, and we are seeking to meet the evolving needs of customers which include offering our products and solutions in the manner in which customers wish to consume them. As a part of this transformation, we continue to make changes to how we are organized and how we build and deliver our technology, including changes in our business models with customers. If our strategy for addressing our customer needs, or the architectures and solutions we develop do not meet those needs, or the changes we are making in how we are organized and how we build and deliver or technology is incorrect or ineffective, our business could be harmed. 
 Furthermore, we may not execute successfully on our vision or strategy because of challenges with regard to product planning and timing, technical hurdles that we fail to overcome in a timely fashion, or a lack of appropriate resources. This could result in competitors, some of which may also be our strategic alliance partners, providing those solutions before we do and loss of market share, revenue, and earnings. In addition, the growth in demand for technology delivered as a service enables new competitors to enter the market. The success of new products and services depends on several factors, including proper new product and service definition, component costs, timely completion and introduction of these products and services, differentiation of new products and services from those of our competitors, and market acceptance of these products and services. There can be no assurance that we will successfully identify new product and services opportunities, develop and bring new products and services to market in a timely manner, or achieve market acceptance of our products and services or that products, services and technologies developed by others will not render our products, services or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. The products and technologies in our other product categories and key priority and growth areas may not prove to have the market success we anticipate, and we may not successfully identify and invest in other emerging or new products and services. 
 Changes in industry structure and market conditions could lead to charges related to discontinuances of certain of our products or businesses, asset impairments and workforce reductions or restructurings. 
 In response to changes in industry and market conditions, we may be required to strategically realign our resources and to consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiting businesses. Any resource realignment, or decision to limit investment in or dispose of or otherwise exit businesses, may result in the recording of special charges, such as inventory and technology-related write-offs, workforce reduction or restructuring costs, charges relating to consolidation of excess facilities, or claims from third parties who were resellers or users of discontinued products. Our estimates with respect to the useful life or ultimate recoverability of our carrying basis of assets, including purchased intangible assets, could change as a result of such assessments and decisions. Although in certain instances our supply agreements allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed, our loss contingencies may include liabilities for contracts that we cannot cancel with contract manufacturers and suppliers. Further, our estimates relating to the liabilities for excess facilities are affected by changes in real estate market conditions. Additionally, we are required to perform goodwill impairment tests on an annual basis and between annual tests in certain circumstances, and future goodwill impairment tests may result in a charge to earnings. We initiated a restructuring plan in the second quarter of fiscal 2023, for which we expect such plan to be substantially completed by the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2024. Our business may not be more efficient or effective than prior to implementation of the plan. Our restructuring activities, including any related charges and the impact of the related headcount restructurings, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Over the long term we intend to invest in engineering, sales, service and marketing activities, and in key priority and growth areas, and these investments may achieve delayed, or lower than expected, benefits which could harm our operating results. 
 While we intend to focus on managing our costs and expenses, over the long term, we also intend to invest in personnel and other resources related to our engineering, sales, service and marketing functions as we realign and dedicate resources on key priority and growth areas. We also intend to focus on maintaining leadership in core networking and services. We are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the anticipated benefits, and the return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these investments (including if our selection of areas for investment does not play out as we expect), or if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, our operating results may be adversely affected. 
 We have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions that could disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. 
 Our growth depends upon market growth, our ability to enhance our existing products, and our ability to introduce new products on a timely basis. We intend to continue to address the need to develop new products and enhance existing products through acquisitions of other companies, product lines, technologies, and personnel. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including the following: 
 Difficulties or delays in integrating the operations (including IT security), systems, technologies, products, and personnel of the acquired companies, particularly with companies that have large and widespread operations and/or complex products 
 Diversion of management s attention from normal daily operations of the business and the challenges of managing larger and more widespread operations resulting from acquisitions 
 Potential difficulties in completing projects associated with in-process research and development intangibles 
 Difficulties in entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors in such markets have stronger market positions 
 Initial dependence on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners 
 Insufficient revenue to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions 
 The potential loss of key employees, customers, distributors, vendors and other business partners of the companies we acquire following and continuing after announcement of acquisition plans 
 Acquisitions may also cause us to: 
 Issue common stock that would dilute our current stockholders percentage ownership 
 Use a substantial portion of our cash resources, or incur debt 
 Significantly increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition 
 Assume liabilities 
 Record goodwill and intangible assets that are subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential periodic impairment charges 
 Incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets 
 Incur tax expenses related to the effect of acquisitions on our legal structure 
 Incur large write-offs and restructuring and other related expenses 
 Become subject to intellectual property or other litigation 
 Mergers and acquisitions of high-technology companies are inherently risky and subject to many factors outside of our control, and no assurance can be given that our previous or future acquisitions will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our business, operating results, or financial condition. Failure to manage and successfully integrate acquisitions could materially harm our business and operating results. Prior acquisitions have resulted in a wide range of outcomes, from successful introduction of new products and technologies to a failure to do so. Even when an acquired company has already developed and marketed products, there can be no assurance that product enhancements will be made in a timely fashion or that pre-acquisition due diligence will have identified all possible issues that might arise with respect to such products. In addition, our effective tax rate for future periods is uncertain and could be impacted by mergers and acquisitions. Risks related to new product development also apply to acquisitions. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Entrance into new or developing markets exposes us to additional competition and will likely increase demands on our service and support operations. 
 As we focus on new market opportunities and key priority and growth areas, we compete with large telecommunications and other equipment suppliers as well as startup companies. Several of our competitors may have greater resources, including technical and engineering resources, than we do. Additionally, as customers in these markets complete infrastructure deployments, they may require greater levels of service, support, and financing than we have provided in the past, especially in emerging countries. Demand for these types of service, support, or financing contracts may increase in the future. There can be no assurance that we can provide products, service, support, and financing to effectively compete for these market opportunities. Further, entry into other markets has subjected and will subject us to additional risks, particularly to those markets, including the effects of general market conditions and reduced consumer confidence. For example, as we add direct selling capabilities globally to meet changing customer demands, we will face increased legal and regulatory requirements. 
 Product quality problems could lead to reduced revenue, gross margins, and net income. 
 We produce highly complex products that incorporate leading-edge technology, including both hardware and software. Software typically contains bugs that can unexpectedly interfere with expected operations. There can be no assurance that our pre-shipment testing programs will be adequate to detect all defects, either ones in individual products or ones that could affect numerous shipments, which might interfere with customer satisfaction, reduce sales opportunities, or affect gross margins. From time to time, we have had to replace certain components and provide remediation in response to the discovery of defects or bugs in products that we had shipped. There can be no assurance that such remediation, depending on the product involved, would not have a material impact. An inability to cure a product defect could result in the failure of a product line, temporary or permanent withdrawal from a product or market, damage to our reputation, inventory costs, or product reengineering expenses, any of which could have a material impact on our revenue, margins, and net income. 
 Due to the global nature of our operations, political or economic changes or other factors in a specific country or region could harm our operating results and financial condition. 
 We conduct significant sales and customer support operations in countries around the world. As such, our growth depends in part on our increasing sales into emerging countries. We also depend on non-U.S. operations of our contract manufacturers, component suppliers and distribution partners. Our business in emerging countries in the aggregate experienced a decline in orders in certain prior periods. We continue to assess the sustainability of any improvements in our business in these countries and there can be no assurance that our investments in these countries will be successful. Our future results could be materially adversely affected by a variety of political, economic or other factors relating to our operations inside and outside the United States, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, including the following: impacts from global central bank monetary policy; issues related to the political relationship between the United States and other countries that can affect regulatory matters, affect the willingness of customers in those countries to purchase products from companies headquartered in the United States or affect our ability to procure components if a government body were to deny us access to those components; government-related disruptions or shutdowns; the challenging and inconsistent global macroeconomic environment; foreign currency exchange rates; geopolitical tensions (including China-Taiwan relations); political or social unrest; economic instability or weakness or natural disasters in a specific country or region, including economic challenges in China and global economic ramifications of Chinese economic difficulties; environmental protection regulations (including new laws and regulations related to climate change); trade protection measures such as tariffs, and other legal and regulatory requirements, some of which may affect our ability to import our products to, export our products from, or sell our products in various countries or affect our ability to procure components; political considerations that affect service provider and government spending patterns; health or similar issues, including pandemics or epidemics; difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; and adverse tax consequences, including imposition of withholding or other taxes on our global operations. 
 Issues related to the development and use of artificial intelligence (AI) could give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm of our business. 
 We currently incorporate AI technology in certain of our products and services and in our business operations. Our research and development of such technology remains ongoing. AI presents risks, challenges, and unintended consequences that could affect our and our customers adoption and use of this technology. AI algorithms and training methodologies may be flawed. Additionally, AI technologies are complex and rapidly evolving, and we face significant competition in the market and from other companies regarding such technologies. While we aim to develop and use AI responsibly and attempt to identify and mitigate ethical and legal issues presented by its use, we may be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving issues before they arise. AI-related issues, deficiencies and/or failures could (i) give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, including with respect to proposed legislation regulating AI in jurisdictions such as the European Union and others, and as a result of new applications of 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 existing data protection, privacy, intellectual property, and other laws; (ii) damage our reputation; or (iii) otherwise materially harm our business. 
 We are exposed to the credit risk of some of our customers and to credit exposures in weakened markets, which could result in material losses. 
 Most of our sales are on an open credit basis, with typical payment terms of 30 days in the United States, and, because of local customs or conditions, longer in some markets outside the United States. Beyond our open credit arrangements, we have also experienced demands for customer financing and facilitation of leasing arrangements. Our loan financing arrangements may include not only financing the acquisition of our products and services but also providing additional funds for other costs associated with network installation and integration of our products and services. Our exposure to the credit risks relating to our financing activities may increase if our customers are adversely affected by a global economic downturn or periods of economic uncertainty. There can be no assurance that programs we have in place to monitor and mitigate credit risks will be effective. In the past, there have been significant bankruptcies among customers both on open credit and with loan or lease financing arrangements, particularly among Internet businesses and service providers, causing us to incur economic or financial losses. There can be no assurance that additional losses will not be incurred. Although these losses have not been material to date, future losses, if incurred, could harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Additionally, to the degree that turmoil in the credit markets makes it more difficult for some customers to obtain financing, those customers ability to pay could be adversely impacted, which in turn could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our portfolio investments and in interest rates; impairment of our investments could harm our earnings. 
 We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. Our portfolio includes available-for-sale debt investments and equity investments, the values of which are subject to market price volatility. If such investments suffer market price declines, as we experienced with some of our investments in the past, we may recognize in earnings the decline in the fair value of our investments below their cost basis. Our privately held investments are subject to risk of loss of investment capital. These investments are inherently risky because the markets for the technologies or products they have under development are typically in the early stages and may never materialize. We could lose our entire investment in these companies. For information regarding the market risks associated with the fair value of portfolio investments and interest rates, refer to the section titled Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could negatively impact our financial results and cash flows. 
 Because a significant portion of our business is conducted outside the United States, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates, including emerging market currencies which can have extreme currency volatility. An increase in the value of the dollar could increase the real cost to our customers of our products in those markets outside the United States where we sell in dollars and a weakened dollar could increase the cost of local operating expenses and procurement of raw materials to the extent that we must purchase components in foreign currencies. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. 
 Failure to retain and recruit key personnel would harm our ability to meet key objectives. 
 Our success has always depended in large part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical, managerial, sales, and marketing personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, especially in the Silicon Valley area of Northern California and other major United States locations. Stock incentive plans are designed to reward employees for their long-term contributions and provide incentives for them to remain with us. Volatility or lack of positive performance in our stock price or equity incentive awards, or changes to our overall compensation program, including our stock incentive program, resulting from the management of share dilution and share-based compensation expense or otherwise, may also adversely affect our ability to retain key employees. As a result of one or more of these factors, we may increase our hiring in geographic areas outside the United States, which could subject us to additional geopolitical and exchange rate risk. The loss of services of any of our key personnel; the inability to retain and attract qualified personnel in the future; or delays in hiring required personnel, particularly in engineering and sales fields, could make it difficult to meet key objectives, such as timely and effective product introductions. In addition, companies in our industry whose employees accept positions with competitors frequently claim that competitors have engaged in improper hiring practices. We have received these claims in the past and may receive additional claims to this effect in the future. 
 Adverse resolution of litigation or governmental investigations may harm our operating results or financial condition. 
 We are a party to lawsuits in the normal course of our business. Additionally, in connection with the Russia and Ukraine war and our decision to stop business operations and orderly wind down our business in Russia, there are existing claims and lawsuits in Russia, and the potential for future claims and lawsuits in Russia and/or Belarus, related to such decision and related 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 trade restrictions and sanctions. In the event of an unfavorable resolution of any of these lawsuits, the potential outcome could include the seizure of our assets in Russia and/or Belarus, which, collectively, represents less than 0.1 of our total assets at the end of fiscal 2023. Litigation can be costly, lengthy, and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. An unfavorable resolution of lawsuits or governmental investigations could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. For additional information regarding certain of the matters in which we are involved, see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, subsection (f) Legal Proceedings. 
 Our operating results may be adversely affected and damage to our reputation may occur due to production and sale of counterfeit versions of our products. 
 As is the case with leading products around the world, our products are subject to efforts by third parties to produce counterfeit versions of our products. While we work diligently with law enforcement authorities in various countries to block the manufacture of counterfeit goods and to interdict their sale, and to detect counterfeit products in customer networks, and have succeeded in prosecuting counterfeiters and their distributors, resulting in fines, imprisonment and restitution to us, there can be no guarantee that such efforts will succeed. While counterfeiters often aim their sales at customers who might not have otherwise purchased our products due to lack of verifiability of origin and service, such counterfeit sales, to the extent they replace otherwise legitimate sales, could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Changes in our provision for income taxes or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income tax returns could adversely affect our results. 
 Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries that have lower tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher tax rates; by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; by changes to foreign-derived intangible income, global intangible low-tax income and base erosion and anti-abuse tax laws, regulations, or interpretations thereof; by expiration of or lapses in tax incentives; by transfer pricing adjustments, including the effect of acquisitions on our legal structure; by tax effects of nondeductible compensation; by tax costs related to intercompany realignments; by changes in accounting principles; or by changes in tax laws and regulations, treaties, or interpretations thereof, including changes to the taxation of earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, the deductibility of expenses attributable to foreign income, and the foreign tax credit rules. Significant judgment is required to determine the recognition and measurement attribute prescribed in the accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), an international association comprised of 38 countries, including the United States, has made changes and is contemplating additional changes to numerous long-standing tax principles. There can be no assurance that these changes and any contemplated changes if finalized, once adopted by countries, will not have an adverse impact on our provision for income taxes. Further, as a result of certain of our ongoing employment and capital investment actions and commitments, our income in certain countries was subject to reduced tax rates. Our failure to meet these commitments could adversely impact our provision for income taxes. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these continuous examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 Our business and operations are especially subject to the risks of earthquakes, floods, and other natural catastrophic events (including as a result of global climate change). 
 Our corporate headquarters, including certain of our research and development operations are located in the Silicon Valley area of Northern California, a region known for seismic activity. Additionally, a certain number of our facilities are located near rivers that have experienced flooding in the past. Also certain of our customers, suppliers and logistics centers are located in regions that have been or may be affected by earthquake, tsunami and flooding or other weather-related activity which in the past has disrupted, and in the future could disrupt, the flow of supply chain components and delivery of products. In addition, global climate change may result in significant natural disasters occurring more frequently and/or with greater intensity, such as drought, wildfires, storms, sea-level rise, changing precipitation, and flooding. We have not to date experienced a material event as a result of these kinds of natural disasters; however, the occurrence of any such event in the future could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Terrorism, war, and other events may harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 The continued threat of terrorism and heightened security and military action in response thereto, or any other current or future acts of terrorism, war (such as the on-going Russia and Ukraine war), and other events (such as economic sanctions and trade restrictions, including those related to the on-going Russia and Ukraine war) may cause further disruptions to the economies of the United States and other countries and create further uncertainties or could otherwise negatively impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. Likewise, events such as loss of infrastructure and utilities services such as energy, 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 transportation, or telecommunications could have similar negative impacts. To the extent that such disruptions or uncertainties result in delays or cancellations of customer orders or the manufacture or shipment of our products, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 There can be no assurance that our operating results and financial condition will not be adversely affected by our incurrence of debt. 
 As of the end of fiscal 2023, we have senior unsecured notes outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of 8.5 billion that mature at specific dates from calendar year 2023 through 2040. We have also established a commercial paper program under which we may issue short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of 10.0 billion. We had no commercial paper notes outstanding under this program as of July 29, 2023 . There can be no assurance that our incurrence of this debt or any future debt will be a better means of providing liquidity to us than would our use of our existing cash resources. Further, we cannot be assured that our maintenance of this indebtedness or incurrence of future indebtedness will not adversely affect our operating results or financial condition. In addition, changes by any rating agency to our credit rating can negatively impact the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities, as well as the terms upon which we may borrow under our commercial paper program or future debt issuances. 
 Our reputation and/or business could be negatively impacted by ESG matters and/or our reporting of such matters. 
 There is an increasing focus from regulators, certain investors, and other stakeholders concerning environmental, social, and governance ESG matters, both in the United States and internationally. We communicate certain ESG-related initiatives, goals, and/or commitments regarding environmental matters, diversity and inclusion, responsible sourcing and social investments, and other matters, in our annual Purpose Report, on our website, in our filings with the SEC, and elsewhere. These initiatives, goals, or commitments could be difficult to achieve and costly to implement. For example, in September 2021, we announced our goal to achieve net zero across all scopes of greenhouse gas emissions by 2040, the achievement of which relies, in large part, on the accuracy of our estimates and assumptions around the enhanced power efficiency of our products, the adoption of renewable energy at customer and supplier sites, and the adoption of certain of our products and services by our customers. We could fail to achieve, or be perceived to fail to achieve, our 2040 net zero goal or other ESG-related initiatives, goals, or commitments. In addition, we could be criticized for the timing, scope or nature of these initiatives, goals, or commitments, or for any revisions to them. To the extent that our required and voluntary disclosures about ESG matters increase, we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of such disclosures. Our actual or perceived failure to achieve our ESG-related initiatives, goals, or commitments could negatively impact our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business. 
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 Our proprietary rights may prove difficult to enforce. 
 We generally rely on patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secret laws to establish and maintain proprietary rights in our technology and products. Although we have been issued numerous patents and other patent applications are currently pending, there can be no assurance that any of these patents or other proprietary rights will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented or that our rights will, in fact, provide competitive advantages to us. Furthermore, many key aspects of networking technology are governed by industrywide standards, which are usable by all market entrants. In addition, there can be no assurance that patents will be issued from pending applications or that claims allowed on any patents will be sufficiently broad to protect our technology. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. The outcome of any actions taken in these foreign countries may be different than if such actions were determined under the laws of the United States. Although we are not dependent on any individual patents or group of patents for particular segments of the business for which we compete, if we are unable to protect our proprietary rights to the totality of the features (including aspects of products protected other than by patent rights) in a market, we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the substantial expense, time, and effort required to create innovative products that have enabled us to be successful. 
 We may be found to infringe on intellectual property rights of others. 
 Third parties, including customers, have in the past and may in the future assert claims or initiate litigation related to exclusive patent, copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights to technologies and related standards that are relevant to us. These assertions have increased over time as a result of our growth and the general increase in the pace of patent claims assertions, particularly in the United States. Because of the existence of a large number of patents in the networking field, the secrecy of some pending patents, and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, it is not economically practical or even possible to determine in advance whether a product or any of its components infringes or will infringe on the patent rights of others. The asserted claims and/or initiated litigation can include claims against us or our manufacturers, suppliers, or customers, alleging 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 infringement of their proprietary rights with respect to our existing or future products or components of those products. Regardless of the merit of these claims, they can be time-consuming, result in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel, or require us to develop a non-infringing technology or enter into license agreements. Where claims are made by customers, resistance even to unmeritorious claims could damage customer relationships. There can be no assurance that licenses will be available on acceptable terms and conditions, if at all, or that our indemnification by our suppliers will be adequate to cover our costs if a claim were brought directly against us or our customers. Furthermore, because of the potential for high court awards that are not necessarily predictable, it is not unusual to find even arguably unmeritorious claims settled for significant amounts. If any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us by any third party is successful, if we are required to indemnify a customer with respect to a claim against the customer, or if we fail to develop non-infringing technology or license the proprietary rights on commercially reasonable terms and conditions, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. For additional information regarding our indemnification obligations, see Note 14(e) to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this report. Our exposure to risks associated with the use of intellectual property may be increased as a result of acquisitions, as we have a lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to such technology or the care taken to safeguard against infringement risks. Further, in the past, third parties have made infringement and similar claims after we have acquired technology that had not been asserted prior to our acquisition. 
 We rely on the availability of third-party licenses. 
 Many of our products are designed to include software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of these products. There can be no assurance that the necessary licenses would be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The inability to obtain certain licenses or other rights or to obtain such licenses or rights on favorable terms, or the need to engage in litigation regarding these matters, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Moreover, the inclusion in our products of software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties on a nonexclusive basis could limit our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our products. 
 Risks Related to Cybersecurity, Privacy, and Regulatory Requirements 
 Cyber attacks, data breaches or other incidents may disrupt our operations, harm our operating results and financial condition, and damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business; and cyber attacks, data breaches or other incidents on our customers or third-party providers networks, or in cloud-based services provided to, by, or enabled by us, could result in claims of liability against us, give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business. 
 We experience cyber attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our products, services, and IT environment on a regular basis, and we anticipate continuing to be subject to such attempts as cyber attacks become increasingly sophisticated and more difficult to predict and protect against. Despite our implementation of security measures, (i) our products and services, and (ii) the servers, data centers, and cloud-based solutions on which our and third-party data is stored or processed (including servers, data centers and cloud-based solutions operated by third parties on which we rely) (collectively, our IT environment ), are vulnerable to cyber attacks, data breaches, malware, inadvertent error, disruptions, tampering or other theft or misuse, including by employees, contingent workers, malicious actors, or nation-states or their agents (which cyber attack or related activity may intensify during periods of diplomatic or armed conflict). Further, a cyber attack or other incident could go undetected and persist in our environments for extended periods. Cyber-related events have caused, and in the future could result in, compromise to, or the disruption of access to, the operation of our products, services, and IT environment or those of our customers or third-party providers we rely on, or result in confidential information stored on our systems, our customers systems, or other third-party systems being improperly accessed, processed, disclosed now or in the future, or be lost or stolen. For example, in December 2021, multiple vulnerabilities were reported for the widely used Java logging library, Apache Log4j. We reviewed the use of this library within our products and services, its use in our enterprise IT environment, and its use by our third-party providers, and have taken steps to mitigate these vulnerabilities, including by providing security updates for affected products to our customers. We have not to date experienced a material event related to a cybersecurity matter; however, the occurrence of any such event in the future could subject us to liability to our customers, data subjects, suppliers, business partners, employees, and others, give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, could damage our reputation or could otherwise materially harm our business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Efforts to limit the ability of malicious actors to disrupt the operations of the Internet or undermine our own security efforts are costly to implement and may not be successful. Breaches of security in our customers or third-party providers networks, in third-party products we use, or in cloud-based services provided to, by, or enabled by us, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to a vulnerability in our products or services, or a failure to maintain the digital security infrastructure or security tools that protect the integrity of our products, services, and IT environment, could, in each case, result in claims of liability against us, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Vulnerabilities and critical security defects, prioritization decisions regarding remedying vulnerabilities or security defects, failure of third-party providers to remedy vulnerabilities or security defects, or customers not deploying security updates in a timely manner or deciding not to upgrade products, services or solutions could result in claims of liability against us, damage our reputation, or otherwise materially harm our business. 
 The products and services we sell to customers, and our cloud-based solutions, inevitably contain vulnerabilities or security defects which have not been remedied and cannot be disclosed without compromising security. We also make prioritization decisions in determining which vulnerabilities or security defects to fix and the timing of these fixes. Customers may also need to test security updates before they can be deployed which can delay implementation. When customers do not deploy security updates in a timely manner, or decide not to upgrade to the latest versions of our products, services or cloud-based solutions containing the security update, they may be left vulnerable. In addition, we rely on third-party providers of software and cloud-based services on which our and third-party data is stored or processed, and we cannot control the timing at which third-party providers remedy vulnerabilities, which could leave us vulnerable. Vulnerabilities and security defects, prioritization errors in remedying vulnerabilities or security defects, failure of third-party providers to remedy vulnerabilities or security defects, or customers not deploying security updates in a timely manner or deciding not to upgrade products, services or solutions could result in claims of liability against us, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business. 
 Our actual or perceived failure to adequately protect personal data could result in claims of liability against us, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business. 
 Global privacy and data protection-related laws and regulations are evolving, extensive, and complex. Compliance with these laws and regulations is difficult and costly. In addition, evolving legal requirements restricting or controlling the collection, processing, or cross-border transmission of data, including for regulation of cloud-based services, could materially affect our customers ability to use, and our ability to sell, our products and services. The interpretation and application of these laws in some instances is uncertain, and our legal and regulatory obligations are subject to frequent changes. For example, the European Union s EU General Data Protection Regulation GDPR applies to our activities conducted from an establishment in the EU or related to products and services offered in the EU and imposes a range of compliance obligations regarding the handling of personal data. Additionally, we are subject to California s Consumer Privacy Act and other laws, regulations and obligations that relate to the handling of personal data. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or other obligations relating to personal data, or to protect personal data from unauthorized access, use, or other processing, could subject us to liability to our customers, data subjects, suppliers, business partners, employees, and others, give rise to legal and/or regulatory action, could damage our reputation or could otherwise materially harm our business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially harmed by evolving regulatory uncertainty or obligations applicable to our products and services. 
 Changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the industries and sectors in which we operate, in the United States and in other countries, could materially affect the sales of our products and services. In particular, economic sanctions and changes to export and import control requirements have impacted and may continue to impact our ability to sell and support our products and services in certain jurisdictions. In addition, changes in telecommunications regulations could impact our service provider customers purchase of our products and services, and they could also impact sales of our own regulated offerings. Additional areas of uncertainty that could impact sales of our products and services include laws, regulations, or customer procurement requirements related to encryption technology, data, artificial intelligence, privacy, cybersecurity, environmental sustainability (including climate change), human rights, product certification, product accessibility, country of origin, and national security controls applicable to our supply chain. Changes in regulatory requirements in any of these areas or our actual or perceived failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or other obligations relating to these areas could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Stock 
 Our stock price may be volatile. 
 Historically, our common stock has experienced substantial price volatility, particularly as a result of variations between our actual financial results and the published expectations of analysts and as a result of announcements by our competitors and us. Furthermore, speculation in the press or investment community about our strategic position, financial condition, results of operations, business, security of our products, or significant transactions can cause changes in our stock price. In addition, the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies, in particular, and that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. These factors, as well as general economic and political conditions and the announcement of proposed and completed acquisitions or other significant transactions, or any difficulties associated with such transactions, by us or our current or potential competitors, may materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock in the future. Additionally, volatility, lack of positive 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 performance in our stock price or changes to our overall compensation program, including our stock incentive program, may adversely affect our ability to retain key employees, virtually all of whom are compensated, in part, based on the performance of our stock price. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters are located at an owned site in San Jose, California, in the United States of America. The locations of our headquarters by geographic segment are as follows: 
 Americas EMEA APJC San Jose, California, USA Amsterdam, Netherlands Singapore 
 In addition to our headquarters site, we own additional sites in the United States, which include facilities in the surrounding areas of San Jose, California; Research Triangle Park, North Carolina; and Richardson, Texas. We also own land for expansion in some of these locations. In addition, we lease office space in many U.S. locations. 
 Outside the United States our operations are conducted primarily in leased sites. Other significant sites (in addition to the two non-U.S. headquarters locations) are located in Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, Germany, India, Israel, Japan, Poland, and the United Kingdom. 
 We believe that our existing facilities, including both owned and leased, are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 For a description of pending legal proceedings in which we are involved, see Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies - (f) Legal Proceedings of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 (a) Cisco common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol CSCO. There were 33,809 registered stockholders as of September 1, 2023. 
 (b) None. 
 (c) Issuer purchases of equity securities (in millions, except per-share amounts): 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares 
 Purchased as Part of 
 Publicly Announced 
 Plans or Programs 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs April 30, 2023 to May 27, 2023 5 47.88 5 11,946 May 28, 2023 to June 24, 2023 9 50.45 9 11,513 June 25, 2023 to July 29, 2023 11 51.69 11 10,934 Total 25 50.49 25 
 On September 13, 2001, we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized a stock repurchase program. As of July 29, 2023, the remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases under this program is approximately 10.9 billion with no termination date. 
 For the majority of restricted stock units granted, the number of shares issued on the date the restricted stock units vest is net of shares withheld to meet applicable tax withholding requirements. Although these withheld shares are not issued or considered common stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program and therefore are not included in the preceding table, they are treated as common stock repurchases in our financial statements as they reduce the number of shares that would have been issued upon vesting (see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 The information contained in this Stock Performance Graph section shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or filed or incorporated by reference in future filings with the SEC, or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), except to the extent that Cisco specifically incorporates it by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 
 The following graph shows a five-year comparison of the cumulative total stockholder return on Cisco common stock with the cumulative total returns of the S P 500 Index, and the S P Information Technology Index. The graph tracks the performance of a 100 investment in the Company s common stock and in each of the indexes (with the reinvestment of all dividends) on the date specified. Stockholder returns over the indicated period are based on historical data and should not be considered indicative of future stockholder returns. 
 Comparison of 5-Year Cumulative Total Return Among Cisco Systems, Inc., 
 the S P 500 Index, and the S P Information Technology Index 

July 2018 July 2019 July 2020 July 2021 July 2022 July 2023 Cisco Systems, Inc. 100.00 136.47 115.60 142.33 120.02 142.29 S P 500 100.00 109.53 118.72 164.83 157.18 177.38 S P Information Technology 100.00 116.56 150.84 221.77 209.55 265.46 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

31 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Words such as expects, anticipates, targets, goals, projects, intends, plans, believes, momentum, seeks, estimates, continues, endeavors, strives, may, variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth and trends in our businesses, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including those under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, and elsewhere herein. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Cisco designs and sells a broad range of technologies that power the Internet. We are integrating our product portfolios across networking, security, collaboration, applications and the cloud to create highly secure, intelligent platforms for our customers digital businesses. These platforms are designed to help our customers manage more users, devices and things connecting to their networks. This will enable us to provide customers with a highly secure, intelligent platform for their digital business. 
 A summary of our results is as follows (in millions, except percentages and per-share amounts): 
 Three Months Ended Years Ended July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 Variance July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 Variance Revenue 15,203 13,102 16 56,998 51,557 11 Gross margin percentage 64.1 61.3 2.8 pts 62.7 62.5 0.2 pts Research and development 1,953 1,682 16 7,551 6,774 11 Sales and marketing 2,579 2,349 10 9,880 9,085 9 General and administrative 690 489 41 2,478 2,101 18 Total R D, sales and marketing, general and administrative 5,222 4,520 16 19,909 17,960 11 Total as a percentage of revenue 34.3 34.5 (0.2) pts 34.9 34.8 0.1 pts Restructuring and other charges included in operating expenses 203 (2) NM 531 6 NM Operating income as a percentage of revenue 28.0 26.2 1.8 pts 26.4 27.1 (0.7) pts Interest and other income (loss), net 218 (18) NM 287 508 (44) Income tax percentage 11.5 17.6 (6.1) pts 17.7 18.4 (0.7) pts Net income 3,958 2,815 41 12,613 11,812 7 Net income as a percentage of revenue 26.0 21.5 4.5 pts 22.1 22.9 (0.8) pts Earnings per share diluted 0.97 0.68 43 3.07 2.82 9 
 Percentages may not recalculate due to rounding. 
 NM Not meaningful 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal 2023 Compared with Fiscal 2022 
 In fiscal 2023, we delivered strong results with growth in revenue and profitability. We remain focused on delivering innovation across our technologies to assist our customers in executing on their digital transformations. In past periods, we took multiple actions in order to mitigate component shortages and address supply constraints seen industry-wide. During fiscal 2023, we saw an overall improvement of supply constraints and, as a result, we were able to increase the delivery of products to our customers, which positively impacted product revenue. Further, we continued to make progress in the transition of our business model delivering increased software and subscriptions. We remain focused on accelerating innovation across our portfolio, and we believe that we have made continued progress on our strategic priorities. We continue to operate in a challenging macroeconomic and highly competitive environment. While the overall environment remains uncertain, we continue to aggressively invest in priority areas with the objective of driving profitable growth over the long term. 
 Total revenue increased by 11 compared with fiscal 2022. Within total revenue, product revenue increased by 13 and service revenue increased by 2 . In fiscal 2023, total software revenue was 17.0 billion across all product areas and service, an increase of 12 . Within total software revenue, subscription revenue increased 16 . Although product revenue increased, we saw a decline in product demand in fiscal 2023. We believe this was due to customers absorbing recently shipped products, adjusting to significant reductions in product lead times, and macroeconomic conditions. 
 Total gross margin increased by 0.2 percentage points. Product gross margin increased by 0.5 percentage points, largely driven by favorable pricing and favorable product mix partially offset by negative impacts from productivity. As a percentage of revenue, research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses, collectively, increased by 0.1 percentage points. Operating income as a percentage of revenue decreased by 0.7 percentage points driven primarily by restructuring and other charges of 531 million in fiscal 2023. Diluted earnings per share increased by 9 , driven by an increase of 7 in net income and a decrease in diluted share count of 87 million shares. 
 In terms of our geographic segments, revenue from the Americas increased by 3.6 billion, EMEA revenue increased by 1.4 billion and revenue in our APJC segment increased by 0.4 billion. We experienced product revenue growth across each of our customer markets. From a product category perspective, total product revenue increased 13 year over year, driven by growth in revenue in Secure, Agile Networks of 22 ; Internet for the Future of 1 ; End-to-End Security of 4 and Optimized Application Experiences of 11 ; partially offset by a product revenue decline in Collaboration of 9 . 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Fourth Quarter Snapshot 
 For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, as compared with the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, total revenue increased by 16 . Within total revenue, product revenue increased by 20 and service revenue increased by 4 . With regard to our geographic segment performance, on a year-over-year basis, revenue in Americas increased by 21 , EMEA increased by 10 and APJC by 7 . From a product category perspective, we experienced product revenue growth in Secure, Agile Networks; Internet for the Future and Optimized Application Experiences; partially offset by a decline in Collaboration. Product revenue in End-to-End Security was flat. Total gross margin increased by 2.8 percentage points, driven by favorable pricing, favorable product mix and productivity benefits driven by lower freight and logistics costs, component and other costs. As a percentage of revenue, research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses, collectively, decreased by 0.2 percentage points. Operating income as a percentage of revenue increased by 1.8 percentage points. Diluted earnings per share increased by 43 , driven by an increase in net income of 41 and a decrease in diluted share count of 44 million shares. 
 Strategy and Priorities 
 As our customers add billions of new connections to their enterprises, and as more applications move to a multicloud environment, the network becomes even more critical. Our customers are navigating change at an unprecedented pace. In this dynamic environment, we believe their priorities are to transform infrastructure, secure the enterprise, power hybrid work, reimagine applications, and drive toward sustainability. 
 Our strategy is to securely connect everything. We are committed to driving a trusted customer experience, through our innovation, solutions, choice, and people. 
 For a full discussion of our strategy and priorities, see Item 1. Business. 
 Other Key Financial Measures 
 The following is a summary of our other key financial measures for fiscal 2023 compared with fiscal 2022 (in millions): 
 Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Cash and cash equivalents and investments 26,146 19,267 Cash provided by operating activities 19,886 13,226 Remaining performance obligations 34,868 31,539 Repurchases of common stock stock repurchase program 4,271 7,734 Dividends paid 6,302 6,224 Inventories 3,644 2,568 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements. The accounting policies described below are significantly affected by critical accounting estimates. Such accounting policies require significant judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements, and actual results could differ materially from the amounts reported based on these policies. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We enter into contracts with customers that can include various combinations of products and services which are generally distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. As a result, our contracts may contain multiple performance obligations. We determine whether arrangements are distinct based on whether the customer can benefit from the product or service on its own or together with other resources that are readily available and whether our commitment to transfer the product or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other obligations in the contract. We classify our hardware, perpetual software licenses, and SaaS as distinct performance obligations. Term software licenses represent multiple obligations, which include software licenses and software maintenance. In transactions where we deliver hardware or software, we are typically the principal and we record revenue and costs of goods sold on a gross basis. 
 We recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised goods or services in a contract with a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. Transfer of control occurs once the customer has the contractual right to use the product, generally upon shipment, electronic delivery (or when the software is available for download by the customer), or once title and risk of loss has transferred to the customer. Transfer of control can also occur over time for software maintenance and services as the customer receives the benefit over the contract term. Our hardware and perpetual software licenses are distinct performance obligations where revenue is recognized upfront upon transfer of control. Term software licenses include multiple performance obligations where the term licenses are recognized upfront upon transfer of control, with the associated software maintenance revenue recognized ratably over the contract term as services and software updates are provided. SaaS arrangements do not include the right for the customer to take possession of the software during the term, and therefore have one distinct performance obligation which is satisfied over time with revenue recognized ratably over the contract term as the customer consumes the services. On our product sales, we record consideration from shipping and handling on a gross basis within net product sales. We record our revenue net of any associated sales taxes. 
 Revenue is allocated among these performance obligations in a manner that reflects the consideration that we expect to be entitled to for the promised goods or services based on standalone selling prices (SSP). SSP is estimated for each distinct performance obligation and judgment may be required in their determination. The best evidence of SSP is the observable price of a product or service when we sell the goods separately in similar circumstances and to similar customers. In instances where SSP is not directly observable, we determine SSP using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. 
 We assess relevant contractual terms in our customer contracts to determine the transaction price. We apply judgment in identifying contractual terms and determining the transaction price as we may be required to estimate variable consideration when determining the amount of revenue to recognize. Variable consideration includes potential contractual penalties and various rebate, cooperative marketing and other incentive programs that we offer to our distributors, channel partners and customers. When determining the amount of revenue to recognize, we estimate the expected usage of these programs, applying the expected value or most likely estimate and update the estimate at each reporting period as actual utilization becomes available. We also consider the customers right of return in determining the transaction price, where applicable. If actual credits received by distributors under these programs were to deviate significantly from our estimates, which are based on historical experience, our revenue could be adversely affected. 
 See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more details. 
 Inventory Valuation and Liability for Purchase Commitments with Contract Manufacturers and Suppliers 
 Inventory is written down based on excess and obsolete inventories, determined primarily by future demand forecasts. Inventory write-downs are measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory and net realizable value, based upon assumptions about future demand, and are charged to the provision for inventory, which is a component of our cost of sales. At 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 the point of the loss recognition, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis. 
 We record a liability for firm, noncancelable, and unconditional purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with the valuation of our excess and obsolete inventory. 
 Our provision for inventory was 307 million, 102 million, and 116 million in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The provision for the liability related to purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers was 423 million, 227 million, and 76 million in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. If there were to be a sudden and significant decrease in demand for our products, if there were a higher incidence of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and customer requirements, or if supply constraints were to continue, we could be required to increase our inventory write-downs, and our liability for purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, and accordingly our profitability, could be adversely affected. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs, and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. For further discussion around the Supply Constraints Impacts and Risks, see Results of Operations Gross Margin Supply Constraints Impacts and Risks and Liquidity and Capital Resources Inventory Supply Chain. 
 Loss Contingencies 
 We are subject to the possibility of various losses arising in the ordinary course of business. We consider the likelihood of the incurrence of a liability, as well as our ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss, in determining loss contingencies. An estimated loss contingency is accrued when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. We regularly evaluate information available to us to determine whether such accruals should be made or adjusted and whether new accruals are required. 
 Third parties, including customers, have in the past and may in the future assert claims or initiate litigation related to exclusive patent, copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights to technologies and related standards that are relevant to us. These assertions have increased over time as a result of our growth and the general increase in the pace of patent claims assertions, particularly in the United States. If any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us by any third party is successful, or if we fail to develop non-infringing technology or license the proprietary rights on commercially reasonable terms and conditions, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Goodwill and Purchased Intangible Asset Impairments 
 Our methodology for allocating the purchase price relating to purchase acquisitions is determined through established valuation techniques. Goodwill represents a residual value as of the acquisition date, which in most cases results in measuring goodwill as an excess of the purchase consideration transferred plus the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquired company over the fair value of net assets acquired, including contingent consideration. We perform goodwill impairment tests on an annual basis in the fourth fiscal quarter and between annual tests in certain circumstances for each reporting unit. The assessment of fair value for goodwill and purchased intangible assets is based on factors that market participants would use in an orderly transaction in accordance with the new accounting guidance for the fair value measurement of nonfinancial assets. 
 In response to changes in industry and market conditions, we could be required to strategically realign our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiting businesses, which could result in an impairment of goodwill. There was no impairment of goodwill in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021. For the annual impairment testing in fiscal 2023, the excess of the fair value over the carrying value for each of our reporting units was 61.3 billion for the Americas, 73.8 billion for EMEA, and 34.3 billion for APJC. 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we performed a sensitivity analysis for goodwill impairment with respect to each of our respective reporting units and determined that a hypothetical 10 decline in the fair value of each reporting unit would not result in an impairment of goodwill for any reporting unit. 
 The fair value of acquired technology and patents, as well as acquired technology under development, is determined at acquisition date primarily using the income approach, which discounts expected future cash flows to present value. The discount rates used in the present value calculations are typically derived from a weighted-average cost of capital analysis and then adjusted to reflect risks inherent in the development lifecycle as appropriate. We consider the pricing model for products related to these acquisitions to be standard within the high-technology communications industry, and the applicable discount rates represent the rates that market participants would use for valuation of such intangible assets. 
 We make judgments about the recoverability of purchased intangible assets with finite lives whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may exist. Recoverability of purchased intangible assets with finite lives is measured 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash flows the asset is expected to generate. We review indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. If the asset is considered to be impaired, the amount of any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the impaired asset. Assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives of our purchased intangible assets are complex and subjective. They can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. Our ongoing consideration of all the factors described previously could result in impairment charges in the future, which could adversely affect our net income. 
 Income Taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our effective tax rates differ from the statutory rate, primarily due to the tax impact of state taxes, foreign operations, R D tax credits, foreign-derived intangible income deductions, global intangible low-taxed income, tax audit settlements, nondeductible compensation, and international realignments. Our effective tax rate was 17.7 , 18.4 , and 20.1 in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 Significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. Although we believe our reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different from that which is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. The provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate, as well as the related net interest and penalties. 
 Significant judgment is also required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence, including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income, and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. In the event that we change our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. 
 Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely impacted by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries that have lower tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher tax rates; by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; by changes to foreign-derived intangible income deduction, global intangible low-tax income and base erosion and anti-abuse tax laws, regulations, or interpretations thereof; by expiration of or lapses in tax incentives; by transfer pricing adjustments, including the effect of acquisitions on our legal structure; by tax effects of nondeductible compensation; by tax costs related to intercompany realignments; by changes in accounting principles; or by changes in tax laws and regulations, treaties, or interpretations thereof, including changes to the taxation of earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, the deductibility of expenses attributable to foreign income, and the foreign tax credit rules. Significant judgment is required to determine the recognition and measurement attributes prescribed in the accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes. The OECD, an international association comprised of 38 countries, including the United States, has made changes and is contemplating additional changes to numerous long-standing tax principles. There can be no assurance that these changes and any contemplated changes if finalized, once adopted by countries, will not have an adverse impact on our provision for income taxes. As a result of certain of our ongoing employment and capital investment actions and commitments, our income in certain countries was subject to reduced tax rates. Our failure to meet these commitments could adversely impact our provision for income taxes. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these continuous examinations will not have an adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 is presented below. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021 can be found under Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on September 8, 2022. 
 Revenue 
 The following table presents the breakdown of revenue between product and service (in millions, except percentages): 
 Years Ended 2023 vs. 2022 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Variance in Dollars Variance in Percent Revenue: Product 43,142 38,018 36,014 5,124 13 Percentage of revenue 75.7 73.7 72.3 Service 13,856 13,539 13,804 317 2 Percentage of revenue 24.3 26.3 27.7 Total 56,998 51,557 49,818 5,441 11 
 We manage our business primarily on a geographic basis, organized into three geographic segments. Our revenue, which includes product and service for each segment, is summarized in the following table (in millions, except percentages): 
 Years Ended 2023 vs. 2022 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Variance in Dollars Variance in Percent Revenue: Americas 33,447 29,814 29,161 3,633 12 Percentage of revenue 58.7 57.8 58.5 EMEA 15,135 13,715 12,951 1,420 10 Percentage of revenue 26.6 26.6 26.0 APJC 8,417 8,027 7,706 390 5 Percentage of revenue 14.8 15.6 15.5 Total 56,998 51,557 49,818 5,441 11 
 Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding. 
 Total revenue in fiscal 2023 increased by 11 compared with fiscal 2022. Product revenue increased by 13 and service revenue increased by 2 . Our total revenue reflected growth across each of our geographic segments. 
 In addition to the impact of macroeconomic factors, including the IT spending environment and the level of spending by government entities, revenue by segment in a particular period may be significantly impacted by the timing of revenue recognition for complex transactions with multiple performance obligations. In addition, certain customers tend to make large and sporadic purchases, and the revenue related to these transactions may also be affected by the timing of revenue recognition, which in turn would impact the revenue of the relevant segment. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Product Revenue by Segment 
 The following table presents the breakdown of product revenue by segment (in millions, except percentages): 
 Years Ended 2023 vs. 2022 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Variance in Dollars Variance in Percent Product revenue: Americas 25,019 21,620 20,688 3,399 16 Percentage of product revenue 58.0 56.9 57.5 EMEA 11,866 10,545 9,805 1,321 13 Percentage of product revenue 27.5 27.7 27.2 APJC 6,257 5,854 5,521 403 7 Percentage of product revenue 14.5 15.4 15.3 Total 43,142 38,018 36,014 5,124 13 
 Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding. 
 Americas 
 Product revenue in the Americas segment increased by 16 . The product revenue increase was driven by growth across all customer markets. From a country perspective, product revenue increased by 15 in the United States, 10 in Canada, 31 in Mexico and 25 in Brazil. 
 EMEA 
 The increase in product revenue in the EMEA segment of 13 was driven by growth in the public sector, enterprise and commercial markets, partially offset by a decline in the service provider market. From a country perspective, product revenue increased by 16 in Germany, 4 in the United Kingdom and 19 in France. 
 APJC 
 Product revenue in the APJC segment increased by 7 , driven by growth in the commercial and public sector markets, partially offset by a decline in the service provider market. Product revenue in the enterprise market was flat. From a country perspective, product revenue increased by 62 in India, 13 in Australia and 8 in China, partially offset by a decline of 6 in Japan. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Product Revenue by Category 
 In addition to the primary view on a geographic basis, we also prepare financial information related to product categories and customer markets for various purposes. 
 The following table presents product revenue by category (in millions, except percentages): 
 Years Ended 2023 vs. 2022 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Variance in Dollars Variance in Percent Product revenue: Secure, Agile Networks 29,105 23,831 22,725 5,274 22 Internet for the Future 5,306 5,276 4,511 30 1 Collaboration 4,052 4,472 4,727 (420) (9) End-to-End Security 3,859 3,699 3,382 160 4 Optimized Application Experiences 811 729 654 82 11 Other Products 9 11 15 (2) (15) Total 43,142 38,018 36,014 5,124 13 
 Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding. Amounts for prior fiscal years have been reclassified to conform to the current fiscal year s presentation. 
 Secure, Agile Networks 
 The Secure, Agile Networks product category represents our core networking offerings related to switching, enterprise routing, wireless, and compute. Secure, Agile Networks revenue increased by 22 , or 5.3 billion, with growth across the portfolio except servers. Revenue grew in both campus switching and data center switching. This was primarily driven by strong growth in our Catalyst 9000 series, Nexus 9000 series and Meraki switching offerings. The increase in enterprise routing was primarily driven by growth in our Catalyst 8000 routers, SD-WAN and IoT routing offerings. Wireless had strong double-digit growth driven by our WiFi-6 products and Meraki offerings. 
 Internet for the Future 
 The Internet for the Future product category includes our routed optical networking, 5G, silicon and optics solutions. Revenue in our Internet for the Future product category increased by 1 , or 30 million, primarily driven by growth in our Core routing portfolio, including our Cisco 8000 series offerings. We also saw double-digit growth in the webscale provider market. 
 Collaboration 
 The Collaboration product category consists of our Meetings, Collaboration Devices, Calling, Contact Center and CPaaS offerings. Revenue in our Collaboration product category decreased 9 , or 420 million, primarily driven by declines in Collaboration Devices and Meetings, partially offset by growth in our Calling and Contact Center offerings. 
 End-to-End Security 
 Revenue in our End-to-End Security product category increased by 4 , or 160 million, primarily driven by growth in our Unified Threat Management offerings and Zero Trust portfolio. 
 Optimized Application Experiences 
 The Optimized Application Experiences product category consists of our full stack observability and network assurance offerings. Revenue in our Optimized Application Experiences product category increased 11 , or 82 million, driven by growth across the portfolio, including double-digit growth in our ThousandEyes offerings. 

40 

Table of Contents 

 Service Revenue by Segment 
 The following table presents the breakdown of service revenue by segment (in millions, except percentages): 
 Years Ended 2023 vs. 2022 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Variance in Dollars Variance in Percent Service revenue: Americas 8,427 8,194 8,472 233 3 Percentage of service revenue 60.8 60.5 61.4 EMEA 3,269 3,171 3,146 98 3 Percentage of service revenue 23.6 23.4 22.8 APJC 2,160 2,173 2,186 (13) (1) Percentage of service revenue 15.6 16.0 15.8 Total 13,856 13,539 13,804 317 2 
 Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding. 
 Service revenue increased 2 , driven by growth in our solution support and maintenance business offerings, partially offset by declines in our advisory services and software support offerings. Service revenue increased in the Americas and EMEA segments, partially offset by a decline in the APJC segment. 
 
 Gross Margin 
 The following table presents the gross margin for products and services (in millions, except percentages): 
 AMOUNT PERCENTAGE Years Ended July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Gross margin: Product 26,552 23,204 22,714 61.5 61.0 63.1 Service 9,201 9,044 9,180 66.4 66.8 66.5 Total 35,753 32,248 31,894 62.7 62.5 64.0 
 Product Gross Margin 
 The following table summarizes the key factors that contributed to the change in product gross margin percentage from fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2023: 
 Product Gross Margin Percentage Fiscal 2022 61.0 Productivity (1) 
 (2.5) Product pricing 1.7 Mix of products sold 0.8 Others 0.5 Fiscal 2023 61.5 
 (1) Productivity includes overall manufacturing-related costs, such as component costs, warranty expense, provision for inventory, freight, logistics, shipment volume, and other items not categorized elsewhere. 
 Product gross margin increased by 0.5 percentage points primarily driven by favorable pricing and product mix. The favorable pricing was primarily driven by price increases implemented during fiscal 2022 and were recognized as we ship our products. This was partially offset by negative impacts from productivity, largely driven by increased costs from component and other costs, partially offset by lower freight and logistics costs. We implemented the price increases to partially offset increases in commodity and other costs. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Supply Constraints Impacts and Risks 
 During fiscal 2023, we saw an overall improvement of supply constraints which have persisted industry-wide for multiple periods. In past periods, we took multiple actions in order to mitigate component shortages and address significant supply constraints. These supply constraints resulted in significant increased costs (i.e., component and other commodity costs, expedite fees, etc.) which had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our product gross margin and resulted in extended lead times for us and our customers. The mitigating actions we took included: partnering with several of our key suppliers utilizing our volume purchasing ability and extending supply coverage, including, in certain cases, revising supplier arrangements; paying and committing to pay in the future significantly higher costs for certain components; modifying our product designs in order to leverage alternate suppliers, where possible; and continually optimizing our inventory build and customer delivery plans, among others. These mitigating actions have resulted in increased inventory balances, inventory purchase commitments, and inventory deposits and prepayments compared to prior fiscal years, which, in turn, has increased our supply chain exposure, which could result in negative impacts to our product gross margin in future periods, including material excess and obsolete charges, if product demand significantly decreases for a sustained duration or we are unable to continue to mitigate the remaining supply chain exposures. We believe these mitigating actions have helped us to optimize our access to critical components and meet customer demand for our products as a result of the component shortages and significant supply constraints we saw in past periods. While these mitigating actions have resulted in a decrease of our overall supply chain balances during fiscal 2023, these balances continue to be higher as compared to prior fiscal years. 
 Service Gross Margin 
 Our service gross margin percentage decreased by 0.4 percentage points primarily due to higher headcount-related and delivery costs, partially offset by higher sales volume and favorable mix of service offerings. 
 Our service gross margin normally experiences some fluctuations due to various factors such as the timing of contract initiations in our renewals, our strategic investments in headcount, and the resources we deploy to support the overall service business. Other factors include the mix of service offerings, as the gross margin from our advanced services is typically lower than the gross margin from technical support services. 
 Gross Margin by Segment 
 The following table presents the total gross margin for each segment (in millions, except percentages): 
 AMOUNT PERCENTAGE Years Ended July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Gross margin: Americas 21,350 19,117 19,499 63.8 64.1 66.9 EMEA 10,016 8,969 8,466 66.2 65.4 65.4 APJC 5,424 5,241 4,949 64.4 65.3 64.2 Segment total 36,788 33,326 32,914 64.5 64.6 66.1 Unallocated corporate items (1) 
 (1,035) (1,078) (1,020) Total 35,753 32,248 31,894 62.7 62.5 64.0 
 (1) The unallocated corporate items include the effects of amortization and impairments of acquisition-related intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, significant litigation settlements and other contingencies, charges related to asset impairments and restructurings, and certain other charges. We do not allocate these items to the gross margin for each segment because management does not include such information in measuring the performance of the operating segments. 
 Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding. 
 We experienced a gross margin percentage decrease in our Americas segment due to negative impacts from productivity, partially offset by favorable pricing and favorable product mix. 
 Gross margin in our EMEA segment increased due to favorable pricing, and to a lesser extent, favorable product mix, partially offset by negative impacts from productivity. 
 The APJC segment gross margin percentage decrease was due to negative impacts from productivity and pricing erosion, partially offset by favorable product mix and higher service gross margin. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development R D ), Sales and Marketing, and General and Administrative G A Expenses 
 R D, sales and marketing, and G A expenses are summarized in the following table (in millions, except percentages): 
 Years Ended 2023 vs. 2022 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Variance in Dollars Variance in Percent Research and development 7,551 6,774 6,549 777 11 Percentage of revenue 13.2 13.1 13.1 Sales and marketing 9,880 9,085 9,259 795 9 Percentage of revenue 17.3 17.6 18.6 General and administrative 2,478 2,101 2,152 377 18 Percentage of revenue 4.3 4.1 4.3 Total 19,909 17,960 17,960 1,949 11 Percentage of revenue 34.9 34.8 36.1 
 R D Expenses 
 R D expenses increased due to higher headcount-related expenses, higher share-based compensation expense and higher discretionary spending, partially offset by lower contracted services spending and lower acquisitions and divestitures related costs. 
 We continue to invest in R D in order to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. If we believe that we are unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses, or we may partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R D. 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased primarily due to higher headcount-related expenses, higher discretionary spending and higher share-based compensation expense, partially offset by the absence of certain non-recurring charges recognized due to the Russia and Ukraine war in fiscal 2022 and lower contracted services spending. 
 G A Expenses 
 G A expenses increased due to higher headcount-related expenses, higher discretionary spending and higher share-based compensation expense, partially offset by the absence of certain non-recurring charges recognized due to the Russia and Ukraine war in fiscal 2022 and lower acquisition and divestitures related costs. 
 Effect of Foreign Currency 
 In fiscal 2023, foreign currency fluctuations, net of hedging, decreased the combined R D, sales and marketing, and G A expenses by approximately 364 million, or 2.0 , compared with fiscal 2022. 
 Amortization of Purchased Intangible Assets 
 The following table presents the amortization of purchased intangible assets including impairment charges (in millions): 
 Years Ended July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Amortization of purchased intangible assets: Cost of sales 649 749 716 Operating expenses 282 328 215 Total 931 1,077 931 
 The decrease in amortization of purchased intangible assets was primarily due to certain purchased intangible assets that became fully amortized, partially offset by amortization of purchased intangibles from our recent acquisitions. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Restructuring and Other Charges 
 The following table presents restructuring and other charges (in millions): Years Ended July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Restructuring and other charges included in operating expenses 531 6 886 
 In the second quarter of fiscal 2023, we announced a restructuring plan in order to rebalance the organization and enable further investment in key priority areas, of which approximately 5 of the global workforce would be impacted. The total pretax charges are estimated to be approximately 700 million. In connection with this restructuring plan, we incurred charges of 535 million during fiscal 2023. We expect the plan to be substantially completed by the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2024. We expect to reinvest substantially all of the costs savings from this restructuring plan in our key priority areas. As a result, the overall cost savings from this restructuring plan are not expected to be material for future periods. 
 Operating Income 
 The following table presents our operating income and our operating income as a percentage of revenue (in millions, except percentages): Years Ended July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Operating income 15,031 13,969 12,833 Operating income as a percentage of revenue 26.4 27.1 25.8 
 Operating income increased by 8 , and as a percentage of revenue operating income decreased by 0.7 percentage points. The increase in operating income was primarily due to a revenue increase and a gross margin percentage increase (driven by favorable pricing and favorable product mix, partially offset by negative impacts from productivity), partially offset by higher operating expenses. The decrease in operating income as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to an operating expenses percentage increase. 

Interest and Other Income (Loss), Net 
 Interest Income (Expense), Net The following table summarizes interest income and interest expense (in millions): 
 Years Ended 2023 vs. 2022 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Variance in Dollars Interest income 962 476 618 486 Interest expense (427) (360) (434) (67) Interest income (expense), net 535 116 184 419 
 Interest income increased driven by higher average balance of cash and available-for-sale debt investments and higher interest rates. The increase in interest expense was driven by higher interest rates, partially offset by a lower average debt balance. 
 Other Income (Loss), Net The components of other income (loss), net, are summarized as follows (in millions): 
 Years Ended 2023 vs. 2022 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Variance in Dollars Gains (losses) on investments, net: Available-for-sale debt investments (21) 9 53 (30) Marketable equity investments 37 (38) 6 75 Privately held investments (193) 486 266 (679) Net gains (losses) on investments (177) 457 325 (634) Other gains (losses), net (71) (65) (80) (6) Other income (loss), net (248) 392 245 (640) 
 The decrease in our other income (loss), net was primarily driven by realized and unrealized losses and impairment charges on our privately held investments and changes in net gains (losses) on our available-for-sale debt investments and marketable equity investments. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes resulted in an effective tax rate of 17.7 for fiscal 2023, compared with 18.4 for fiscal 2022. The net 0.7 percentage points decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to an increase in U.S. foreign-derived intangible income deduction benefit driven by the capitalization and amortization of R D expenses effective for fiscal 2023 as required by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act the Tax Act partially offset by a decrease in the U.S. federal research tax credit and stock compensation windfall benefit. 
 For a full reconciliation of our effective tax rate to the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 and for further explanation of our provision for income taxes, see Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 The following sections discuss the effects of changes in our balance sheet, our capital allocation strategy including stock repurchase program and dividends, our contractual obligations, and certain other commitments and activities on our liquidity and capital resources. 
 Balance Sheet and Cash Flows 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Investments The following table summarizes our cash and cash equivalents and investments (in millions): 
 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 Increase (Decrease) Cash and cash equivalents 10,123 7,079 3,044 Available-for-sale debt investments 15,592 11,947 3,645 Marketable equity securities 431 241 190 Total 26,146 19,267 6,879 
 The net increase in cash and cash equivalents and investments from fiscal 2022 to fiscal 2023 was primarily driven by cash provided by operating activities of 19.9 billion. This source of cash was partially offset by cash returned to stockholders in the form of cash dividends of 6.3 billion and repurchases of common stock of 4.3 billion under the stock repurchase program, a net decrease in debt of 1.1 billion, capital expenditures of 0.8 billion and net cash paid for acquisitions and divestitures of 0.3 billion. 
 In February 2023, an IRS announcement related to the California floods (IR-2023-33) deferred our remaining fiscal 2023 U.S. federal income tax payment deadlines until October 2023. Beginning in fiscal 2023, we were required to capitalize and amortize R D expenses as required by the Tax Act. This change would have resulted in significantly higher cash paid for income taxes during fiscal 2023 absent the payment deferral. As of July 29, 2023, we have deferred approximately 2.8 billion of federal tax payments. Our cash paid for income taxes for the first quarter of fiscal 2024 will significantly increase as a result of these deferred federal tax payments. 
 We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. We classify our investments as short-term investments based on their nature and their availability for use in current operations. We believe the overall credit quality of our portfolio is strong, with our cash equivalents and our available-for-sale debt investment portfolio consisting primarily of high quality investment-grade securities. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends as discussed below. 
 Securities Lending We periodically engage in securities lending activities with certain of our available-for-sale debt investments. These transactions are accounted for as a secured lending of the securities, and the securities are typically loaned only on an overnight basis. We require collateral equal to at least 102 of the fair market value of the loaned security and that the collateral be in the form of cash or liquid, high-quality assets. We engage in these secured lending transactions only with highly creditworthy counterparties, and the associated portfolio custodian has agreed to indemnify us against collateral losses. We did not experience any losses in connection with the secured lending of securities during the periods presented. As of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, we had no outstanding securities lending transactions. 
 Free Cash Flow and Capital Allocation As part of our capital allocation strategy, we target to return a minimum of 50 of our free cash flow annually to our stockholders through cash dividends and repurchases of common stock. 
 We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less cash used to acquire property and equipment. The following table reconciles our net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow (in millions): 
 Years Ended July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 19,886 13,226 15,454 Acquisition of property and equipment (849) (477) (692) Free cash flow 19,037 12,749 14,762 
 We expect that cash provided by operating activities may fluctuate in future periods as a result of a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, the rate at which products are shipped during the quarter (which we refer to as shipment 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 linearity), the timing and collection of accounts receivable and financing receivables, inventory and supply chain management, deferred revenue and the timing and amount of tax and other payments. For additional discussion, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this report. 
 We consider free cash flow to be a liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors because of our intent to return a stated percentage of free cash flow to stockholders in the form of dividends and stock repurchases. We further regard free cash flow as a useful measure because it reflects cash that can be used to, among other things, invest in our business, make strategic acquisitions, repurchase common stock, and pay dividends on our common stock, after deducting capital investments. A limitation of the utility of free cash flow as a measure of financial performance and liquidity is that the free cash flow does not represent the total increase or decrease in our cash balance for the period. In addition, we have other required uses of cash, including repaying the principal of our outstanding indebtedness. Free cash flow is not a measure calculated in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and should not be regarded in isolation or as an alternative for net cash provided by operating activities or any other measure calculated in accordance with such principles, and other companies may calculate free cash flow in a different manner than we do. 
 The following table summarizes the dividends paid and stock repurchases (in millions, except per-share amounts): 
 DIVIDENDS STOCK REPURCHASE PROGRAM TOTAL Years Ended Per Share Amount Shares Weighted-Average Price per Share Amount Amount July 29, 2023 1.54 6,302 88 48.49 4,271 10,573 July 30, 2022 1.50 6,224 146 52.82 7,734 13,958 July 31, 2021 1.46 6,163 64 45.48 2,902 9,065 
 On August 16, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of 0.39 per common share to be paid on October 25, 2023, to all stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 4, 2023. Any future dividends are subject to the approval of our Board of Directors. 
 The remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases under this program is approximately 10.9 billion, with no termination date. 
 Accounts Receivable, Net The following table summarizes our accounts receivable, net (in millions): 
 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 Increase (Decrease) Accounts receivable, net 5,854 6,622 (768) 
 Our accounts receivable net, as of July 29, 2023 decreased by approximately 12 compared with the end of fiscal 2022, primarily due to timing and amount of product and service billings at the end of fiscal 2023 compared with the end of fiscal 2022. 
 Inventory Supply Chain The following table summarizes our inventories and inventory purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers (in millions): 
 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Variance vs. July 30, 2022 Variance vs. July 31, 2021 Inventories 3,644 2,568 1,559 1,076 2,085 Inventory purchase commitments 7,253 12,964 10,254 (5,711) (3,001) Inventory deposits and prepayments 1,109 1,484 162 (375) 947 
 The following table summarizes our inventory purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers by period (in millions): 
 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Variance vs. July 30, 2022 Variance vs. July 31, 2021 Less than 1 year 5,270 9,954 6,903 (4,684) (1,633) 1 to 3 years 1,783 2,240 1,806 (457) (23) 3 to 5 years 200 770 1,545 (570) (1,345) Total 7,253 12,964 10,254 (5,711) (3,001) 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Inventory as of July 29, 2023 increased by 42 and inventory purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers decreased by 44 from our balances at the end of fiscal 2022. The combined decrease of 30 in our inventory and inventory purchase commitments as compared with the end of fiscal 2022 was primarily due to fulfillment of customer demand as overall supply constraints improved and our continued efforts to work with contract manufacturers and suppliers to optimize our inventory and purchase commitment levels. 
 We increased our balances in prior fiscal years in order to address significant supply constraints seen industry-wide. The increases were primarily due to arrangements to secure supply and pricing for certain product components and commitments with contract manufacturers to meet customer demand and to address extended lead times, as well as advance payments with suppliers to secure future supply, as a result of the supply constraints. As discussed, our risks of future material excess and obsolete inventory and related losses are further outlined in the Result of Operations Product Gross Margin section. 
 We purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. During the normal course of business, in order to manage manufacturing lead times and help ensure adequate component supply, we enter into agreements with contract manufacturers and suppliers that allow them to procure inventory based upon criteria as defined by us or that establish the parameters defining our requirements and our commitment to securing manufacturing capacity. 
 Our inventory purchase commitments are for short-term product manufacturing requirements as well as for commitments to suppliers to secure manufacturing capacity. Certain of our inventory purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers relate to arrangements to secure supply and pricing for certain product components for multi-year periods. A significant portion of our reported purchase commitments arising from these agreements are firm, noncancelable, and unconditional commitments. In certain instances, these agreements allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed. 
 Inventory and supply chain management remain areas of focus as we balance the need to maintain supply chain flexibility to help ensure competitive lead times with the risk of inventory obsolescence because of supply constraints, rapidly changing technology and customer requirements. We believe the amount of our inventory and inventory purchase commitments is appropriate for our current and expected customer demand and revenue levels. 
 Financing Receivables and Guarantees The following table summarizes our financing receivables (in millions): 
 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 Increase (Decrease) Loan receivables, net 5,857 6,739 (882) Lease receivables, net 978 1,175 (197) Total, net 6,835 7,914 (1,079) 
 Financing Receivables Our financing arrangements include loans and leases. Our loan receivables include customer financing for purchases of our hardware, software and services (including technical support and advanced services), and also may include additional funds for other costs associated with network installation and integration of our products and services. Lease receivables include sales-type leases. Arrangements related to leases are generally collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets. Financing receivables decreased by 14 . 
 Financing Guarantees In the normal course of business, third parties may provide financing arrangements to our customers and channel partners under financing programs. The financing arrangements provided by third parties are related to leases and loans and typically have terms of up to three years. In some cases, we provide guarantees to third parties for these lease and loan arrangements. The financing arrangements to channel partners consist of revolving short-term financing provided by third parties, with payment terms generally ranging from 60 to 90 days. In certain instances, these financing arrangements result in a transfer of our receivables to the third party. The receivables are derecognized upon transfer, as these transfers qualify as true sales, and we receive payments for the receivables from the third party based on our standard payment terms. 
 The volume of channel partner financing was 32.1 billion, 27.9 billion, and 26.7 billion in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. These financing arrangements facilitate the working capital requirements of the channel partners, and in some cases, we guarantee a portion of these arrangements. The balance of the channel partner financing subject to guarantees was 1.7 billion and 1.4 billion as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively. We could be called upon to make payments under these guarantees in the event of nonpayment by the channel partners. Historically, our payments under these arrangements have been immaterial. Where we provide a guarantee, we defer the revenue associated with the channel partner financing arrangement in accordance with revenue recognition policies, or we record a liability for the fair value of the guarantees. In either case, the deferred revenue is recognized as revenue when the guarantee is removed. As of July 29, 2023, 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 the total maximum potential future payments related to these guarantees was approximately 159 million, of which approximately 34 million was recorded as deferred revenue. 
 Borrowings 
 Senior Notes The following table summarizes the principal amount of our senior notes (in millions): 
 Maturity Date July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 Senior notes: Fixed-rate notes: 2.60 February 28, 2023 500 2.20 September 20, 2023 750 750 3.625 March 4, 2024 1,000 1,000 3.50 June 15, 2025 500 500 2.95 February 28, 2026 750 750 2.50 September 20, 2026 1,500 1,500 5.90 February 15, 2039 2,000 2,000 5.50 January 15, 2040 2,000 2,000 Total 8,500 9,000 
 Interest is payable semiannually on each class of the senior fixed-rate notes, each of which is redeemable by us at any time, subject to a make-whole premium. We were in compliance with all debt covenants as of July 29, 2023. 
 Commercial Paper We have a short-term debt financing program in which up to 10.0 billion is available through the issuance of commercial paper notes. We use the proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper notes for general corporate purposes. We had no commercial paper outstanding as of July 29, 2023 and 0.6 billion outstanding as of July 30, 2022. 
 Credit Facility On May 13, 2021, we entered into a 5-year credit agreement with certain institutional lenders that provides for a 3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that is scheduled to expire on May 13, 2026. As of July 29, 2023, we were in compliance with the required interest coverage ratio and the other covenants, and we had not borrowed any funds under the credit agreement. On April 18, 2023, we entered into an amendment to the credit agreement to replace the LIBOR index with Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). 
 Any advances under the 5-year credit agreement will accrue interest at rates that are equal to, based on certain conditions, either (a) with respect to loans in U.S. dollars, (i) Term SOFR (plus a 0.10 credit spread adjustment) or (ii) the Base Rate (to be defined as the highest of (x) the Bank of America prime rate, (y) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.50 and (z) Term SOFR plus 1.0 ), (b) with respect to loans in Euros, EURIBOR, (c) with respect to loans in Yen, TIBOR and (d) with respect to loans in Pounds Sterling, SONIA, plus a margin that is based on our senior debt credit ratings as published by Standard Poor s Financial Services, LLC and Moody s Investors Service, Inc., provided that in no event will the interest rate be less than 0.0 . We will pay a quarterly commitment fee during the term of the 5-year credit agreement which may vary depending on our senior debt credit ratings. In addition, the 5-year credit agreement incorporates certain sustainability-linked metrics. Specifically, our applicable interest rate and commitment fee are subject to upward or downward adjustments if we achieve, or fail to achieve, certain specified targets based on two key performance indicator metrics: (i) social impact and (ii) foam reduction. We may also, upon the agreement of either the then-existing lenders or additional lenders not currently parties to the agreement, increase the commitments under the credit facility by up to an additional 2.0 billion and, at our option, extend the maturity of the facility for an additional year up to two times. The credit agreement requires that we comply with certain covenants, including that we maintain an interest coverage ratio as defined in the agreement. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Remaining Performance Obligations The following table presents the breakdown of remaining performance obligations (in millions): 
 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 Increase (Decrease) Product 15,802 14,090 1,712 Service 19,066 17,449 1,617 Total 34,868 31,539 3,329 Short-term RPO 17,910 16,936 974 Long-term RPO 16,958 14,603 2,355 Total 34,868 31,539 3,329 
 Total remaining performance obligations increased 11 in fiscal 2023. Remaining performance obligations for product increased 12 and remaining performance obligations for service increased 9 , compared to fiscal 2022. We expect approximately 51 of total remaining performance obligations to be recognized as revenue over the next 12 months. 
 Deferred Revenue The following table presents the breakdown of deferred revenue (in millions): 
 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 Increase (Decrease) Product 11,505 10,427 1,078 Service 14,045 12,837 1,208 Total 25,550 23,264 2,286 Reported as: Current 13,908 12,784 1,124 Noncurrent 11,642 10,480 1,162 Total 25,550 23,264 2,286 
 Total deferred revenue increased 10 in fiscal 2023. The increase in deferred product revenue of 10 was primarily due to increased deferrals related to our recurring software offerings. The increase in deferred service revenue of 9 was driven by higher business volume and the impact of contract renewals, partially offset by amortization of deferred service revenue. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The impact of contractual obligations on our liquidity and capital resources in future periods should be analyzed in conjunction with the factors that impact our cash flows from operations discussed previously. In addition, we plan for and measure our liquidity and capital resources through an annual budgeting process. The following table summarizes our contractual obligations at July 29, 2023 (in millions): 
 PAYMENTS DUE BY PERIOD July 29, 2023 Total Less than 1 Year 1 to 3 Years 3 to 5 Years More than 5 Years Operating leases 1,116 341 426 172 177 Purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers 7,253 5,270 1,783 200 Other purchase obligations 2,476 1,222 976 265 13 Senior notes 8,500 1,750 1,250 1,500 4,000 Transition tax payable 5,456 1,364 4,092 Other long-term liabilities 1,365 215 166 984 Total by period 26,166 9,947 8,742 2,303 5,174 Other long-term liabilities (uncertainty in the timing of future payments) 1,726 Total 27,892 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Leases For more information on our operating leases, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Purchase Commitments with Contract Manufacturers and Suppliers We purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. Our inventory purchase commitments are for short-term product manufacturing requirements as well as for commitments to suppliers to secure manufacturing capacity. Certain of our inventory purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers relate to arrangements to secure supply and pricing for certain product components for multi-year periods. A significant portion of our reported purchase commitments arising from these agreements are firm, noncancelable, and unconditional commitments. We record a liability for firm, noncancelable, and unconditional purchase commitments for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with the valuation of our excess and obsolete inventory. See further discussion in Inventory Supply Chain. 
 Other Purchase Obligations Other purchase obligations represent an estimate of all contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business, other than operating leases and commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, for which we have not received the goods or services. Purchase orders are not included in the preceding table as they typically represent our authorization to purchase rather than binding contractual purchase obligations. 
 Long-Term Debt The amount of long-term debt in the preceding table represents the principal amount of the respective debt instruments. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Transition Tax Payable Transition tax payable represents future cash tax payments associated with the one-time U.S. transition tax on accumulated earnings for foreign subsidiaries as a result of the Tax Act. 
 Other Long-Term Liabilities Other long-term liabilities primarily include noncurrent income taxes payable, accrued liabilities for deferred compensation, deferred tax liabilities, and certain other long-term liabilities. Due to the uncertainty in the timing of future payments, our noncurrent income taxes payable of approximately 1.7 billion and deferred tax liabilities of 62 million were presented as one aggregated amount in the total column on a separate line in the preceding table. Noncurrent income taxes payable include uncertain tax positions. See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Other Commitments 
 In connection with our acquisitions, we have agreed to pay certain additional amounts contingent upon the achievement of certain agreed-upon technology, development, product, or other milestones or the continued employment with us of certain employees of the acquired entities. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We also have certain funding commitments primarily related to our privately held investments, some of which may be based on the achievement of certain agreed-upon milestones or are required to be funded on demand. The funding commitments were 0.3 billion and 0.4 billion as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we have privately held investments and provide financing to certain customers. Certain of these investments are considered to be variable interest entities. We evaluate on an ongoing basis our privately held investments and customer financings, and we have determined that as of July 29, 2023 there were no material unconsolidated variable interest entities. 
 On an ongoing basis, we reassess our privately held investments and customer financings to determine if they are variable interest entities and if we would be regarded as the primary beneficiary pursuant to the applicable accounting guidance. As a result of this ongoing assessment, we may be required to make additional disclosures or consolidate these entities. Because we may not control these entities, we may not have the ability to influence these events. 
 We provide financing guarantees, which are generally for various third-party financing arrangements extended to our channel partners. We could be called upon to make payments under these guarantees in the event of nonpayment by the channel partners. See the previous discussion of these financing guarantees under Financing Receivables and Guarantees. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resource Requirements 
 Based on past performance and current expectations, we believe our cash and cash equivalents, investments, cash generated from operations, and ability to access capital markets and committed credit lines will satisfy, through at least the next 12 months, our liquidity requirements, both in total and domestically, including the following: working capital needs (including inventory and other supply related payments), capital expenditures, investment requirements, stock repurchases, cash dividends, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on debt, pending acquisitions, future customer financings, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations. We expect increased payments related to inventory and other supply related payments through at least the next 12 months. There are no other transactions, arrangements, or relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect the liquidity and the availability of, as well as our requirements for, capital resources. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Our financial position is exposed to a variety of risks, including interest rate risk, equity price risk, and foreign currency exchange risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Available-for-Sale Debt Investments We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. Our primary objective for holding available-for-sale debt investments is to achieve an appropriate investment return consistent with preserving principal and managing risk. At any time, a sharp rise in market interest rates could have a material adverse impact on the fair value of our available-for-sale debt investment portfolio. Conversely, declines in interest rates, including the impact from lower credit spreads, could have a material adverse impact on interest income for our investment portfolio. We may utilize derivative instruments designated as hedging instruments to achieve our investment objectives. We had no outstanding hedging instruments for our available-for-sale debt investments as of July 29, 2023. Our available-for-sale debt investments are held for purposes other than trading. Our available-for-sale debt investments are not leveraged as of July 29, 2023. We monitor our interest rate and credit risks, including our credit exposures to specific rating categories and to individual issuers. We believe the overall credit quality of our portfolio is strong. 
 The following tables present the hypothetical fair values of our available-for-sale debt investments, including the hedging effects when applicable, as a result of selected potential market decreases and increases in interest rates. The market changes reflect immediate hypothetical parallel shifts in the yield curve of plus or minus 50 basis points (BPS), plus 100 BPS, and plus 150 BPS. The hypothetical fair values as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022 are as follows (in millions): 
 VALUATION OF SECURITIES GIVEN AN INTEREST RATE DECREASE OF X BASIS POINTS FAIR VALUE AS OF JULY 29, 2023 VALUATION OF SECURITIES GIVEN AN INTEREST RATE INCREASE OF X BASIS POINTS (150 BPS) (100 BPS) (50 BPS) 50 BPS 100 BPS 150 BPS Available-for-sale debt investments 15,901 15,798 15,695 15,592 15,489 15,386 15,284 
 VALUATION OF SECURITIES GIVEN AN INTEREST RATE DECREASE OF X BASIS POINTS FAIR VALUE AS OF JULY 30, 2022 VALUATION OF SECURITIES GIVEN AN INTEREST RATE INCREASE OF X BASIS POINTS (150 BPS) (100 BPS) (50 BPS) 50 BPS 100 BPS 150 BPS Available-for-sale debt investments 12,263 12,158 12,052 11,947 11,841 11,735 11,630 
 Financing Receivables As of July 29, 2023, our financing receivables had a carrying value of 6.8 billion, compared with 7.9 billion as of July 30, 2022. As of July 29, 2023, a hypothetical 50 BPS increase or decrease in market interest rates would change the fair value of our financing receivables by a decrease or increase of approximately 0.1 billion, respectively. 
 Debt As of July 29, 2023, we had 8.5 billion in principal amount of senior fixed-rate notes outstanding. The carrying amount of the senior notes was 8.4 billion, and the related fair value based on market prices was 8.7 billion. As of July 29, 2023, a hypothetical 50 BPS increase or decrease in market interest rates would change the fair value of the fixed-rate debt, excluding the 1.5 billion of hedged debt, by a decrease or increase of approximately 0.3 billion, respectively. However, this hypothetical change in interest rates would not impact the interest expense on the fixed-rate debt that is not hedged. 
 Equity Price Risk 
 Marketable Equity Investments The fair value of our marketable equity investments is subject to market price volatility. We hold equity securities for strategic purposes or to diversify our overall investment portfolio. These equity securities are held for purposes other than trading. The total fair value of our marketable equity securities was 431 million and 241 million as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively. 
 Privately Held Investments These investments are recorded in other assets in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of July 29, 2023, the total carrying amount of our investments in privately held investments was 1.8 billion, compared with 1.9 billion at July 30, 2022. Some of these companies in which we invested are in the startup or development stages. These investments are inherently risky because the markets for the technologies or products these companies are developing are typically in the early stages and may never materialize. We could lose our entire investment in these companies. Our evaluation of privately held investments is based on the fundamentals of the businesses invested in, including, among other factors, the nature of their technologies and potential for financial return. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 Our foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding at fiscal year-end are summarized in U.S. dollar equivalents as follows (in millions): 
 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 Notional Amount Fair Value Notional Amount Fair Value Forward contracts: Purchased 3,014 (33) 2,578 (50) Sold 2,406 31 1,943 50 
 We conduct business globally in numerous currencies. The direct effect of foreign currency fluctuations on revenue has not been material because our revenue is primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. However, if the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to other currencies, such strengthening could have an indirect effect on our revenue to the extent it raises the cost of our products to non-U.S. customers and thereby reduces demand. A weaker U.S. dollar could have the opposite effect. However, the precise indirect effect of currency fluctuations is difficult to measure or predict because our revenue is influenced by many factors in addition to the impact of such currency fluctuations. 
 Approximately 75 of our operating expenses are U.S.-dollar denominated. In fiscal 2023, foreign currency fluctuations, net of hedging, decreased our combined R D, sales and marketing, and G A expenses by approximately 364 million, or 2.0 , as compared with fiscal 2022. To reduce variability in operating expenses and service cost of sales caused by non-U.S.-dollar denominated operating expenses and costs, we may hedge certain forecasted foreign currency transactions with currency options and forward contracts. These hedging programs are not designed to provide foreign currency protection over long time horizons. In designing a specific hedging approach, we consider several factors, including offsetting exposures, significance of exposures, costs associated with entering into a particular hedge instrument, and potential effectiveness of the hedge. The gains and losses on foreign exchange contracts mitigate the effect of currency movements on our operating expenses and service cost of sales. 
 We also enter into foreign exchange forward and option contracts to reduce the short-term effects of foreign currency fluctuations on receivables and payables that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the entities. The market risks associated with these foreign currency receivables and payables relate primarily to variances from our forecasted foreign currency transactions and balances. We do not enter into foreign exchange forward or option contracts for speculative purposes. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 55 
 Reports of Management 
 57 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 62 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 63 
 Note 1: Basis of Presentation 
 63 
 Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 63 
 Note 3: Revenue 
 69 
 Note 4: Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 71 
 Note 5: Goodwill and Purchased Intangible Assets 
 72 
 Note 6: Restructuring and Other Charges 
 73 
 Note 7: Balance Sheet and Other Details 
 74 
 Note 8: Leases 
 75 
 Note 9: Financing Receivables 
 77 
 Note 10: Investments 
 79 
 Note 11: Fair Value 
 82 
 Note 12: Borrowings 
 83 
 Note 13: Derivative Instruments 
 84 
 Note 14: Commitments and Contingencies 
 87 
 Note 15: Stockholders Equity 
 90 
 Note 16: Employee Benefit Plans 
 91 
 Note 17: Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 94 
 Note 18: Income Taxes 
 95 
 Note 19: Segment Information and Major Customers 
 98 
 Note 20: Net Income per Share 
 99 

54 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Cisco Systems, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cisco Systems, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended July 29, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of July 29, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended July 29, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 29, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue recognition identification of contractual terms in certain customer arrangements 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, management assesses relevant contractual terms in its customer arrangements to determine the transaction price and recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of the promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. Management applies judgment in determining the transaction price which is dependent on the contractual terms. In order to determine the transaction price, management may be required to estimate variable consideration when determining the amount of revenue to recognize. For the year ended July 29, 2023, the Company s total revenue was 57.0 billion. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the identification of contractual terms in certain customer arrangements is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in identifying contractual terms due to the volume and customized nature of the Company s customer arrangements. This in turn led to significant auditor judgment and effort in performing procedures to evaluate whether the contractual terms used in the determination of the transaction price and the timing of revenue recognition were appropriately identified and determined by management. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including those related to the identification of contractual terms in customer arrangements that impact the determination of the transaction price and revenue recognition. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of management s identification of the contractual terms by examining customer arrangements on a test basis, and (ii) testing management s process for determining the appropriate amount and timing of revenue recognition based on the contractual terms identified in the customer arrangements. 

/s/ 
 
 September 7, 2023 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1988. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Reports of Management 
 Statement of Management s Responsibility 
 Cisco s management has always assumed full accountability for maintaining compliance with our established financial accounting policies and for reporting our results with objectivity and the highest degree of integrity. It is critical for investors and other users of the Consolidated Financial Statements to have confidence that the financial information that we provide is timely, complete, relevant, and accurate. Management is responsible for the fair presentation of Cisco s Consolidated Financial Statements, prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and has full responsibility for their integrity and accuracy. 
 Management, with oversight by Cisco s Board of Directors, has established and maintains a strong ethical climate so that our affairs are conducted to the highest standards of personal and corporate conduct. Management also has established an effective system of internal controls. Cisco s policies and practices reflect corporate governance initiatives that are compliant with the listing requirements of Nasdaq and the corporate governance requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 We are committed to enhancing stockholder value and fully understand and embrace our fiduciary oversight responsibilities. We are dedicated to ensuring that our high standards of financial accounting and reporting, as well as our underlying system of internal controls, are maintained. Our culture demands integrity, and we have the highest confidence in our processes, our internal controls and our people, who are objective in their responsibilities and who operate under the highest level of ethical standards. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for Cisco. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management (with the participation of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer) conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of Cisco s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that Cisco s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of July 29, 2023. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of Cisco s internal control over financial reporting and has issued a report on Cisco s internal control over financial reporting, which is included in their report on the preceding pages. 
 
 /S/ C HARLES H . R OBBINS 
 /S/ R. S COTT H ERREN 
 Charles H. Robbins R. Scott Herren Chair and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer September 7, 2023 September 7, 2023 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in millions, except par value) 
 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Investments Accounts receivable, net of allowance 
 of at July 29, 2023 and at July 30, 2022 
 Inventories Financing receivables, net Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Financing receivables, net Goodwill Purchased intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Short-term debt Accounts payable Income taxes payable Accrued compensation Deferred revenue Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Income taxes payable Deferred revenue Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) Equity: Cisco stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value: shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 Common stock and additional paid-in capital, par value: shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively 
 Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in millions, except per-share amounts) 
 Years Ended July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 REVENUE: Product Service Total revenue COST OF SALES: Product Service Total cost of sales GROSS MARGIN OPERATING EXPENSES: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Amortization of purchased intangible assets Restructuring and other charges Total operating expenses OPERATING INCOME Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Other income (loss), net ) Interest and other income (loss), net INCOME BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES Provision for income taxes NET INCOME Net income per share: Basic Diluted Shares used in per-share calculation: Basic Diluted 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in millions) 
 Years Ended July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Net income Available-for-sale investments: Change in net unrealized gains and losses, net of tax benefit (expense) of , , and for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) ) Net (gains) losses reclassified into earnings, net of tax expense (benefit) of ), , and for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) ) ) ) Cash flow hedging instruments: Change in unrealized gains and losses, net of tax benefit (expense) of ), ), and ) for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively 
 Net (gains) losses reclassified into earnings, net of tax (benefit) expense of , , and for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) ) ) Net change in cumulative translation adjustment and actuarial gains and losses, net of tax benefit (expense) of , ), and ) for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in millions) 
 Years Ended July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, amortization, and other Share-based compensation expense Provision (benefit) for receivables ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) (Gains) losses on divestitures, investments and other, net ) ) Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions and divestitures: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Financing receivables Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Income taxes, net ) ) Accrued compensation ) Deferred revenue Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of investments Proceeds from maturities of investments Acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired and divestitures ) ) ) Purchases of investments in privately held companies ) ) ) Return of investments in privately held companies Acquisition of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of property and equipment Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Issuances of common stock Repurchases of common stock - repurchase program ) ) ) Shares repurchased for tax withholdings on vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Short-term borrowings, original maturities of 90 days or less, net ) ) Issuances of debt Repayments of debt ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents, beginning of fiscal year Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents, end of fiscal year Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (in millions, except per-share amounts) 
 Shares of Common Stock Common Stock and Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity BALANCE AT JULY 25, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Issuance of common stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Shares repurchased for tax withholdings on vesting of restricted stock units and other ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Effect of adoption of accounting standard ) ) Share-based compensation Other ) BALANCE AT JULY 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Issuance of common stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Shares repurchased for tax withholdings on vesting of restricted stock units and other ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation Other ) ) ) BALANCE AT JULY 30, 2022 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Issuance of common stock Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Shares repurchased for tax withholdings on vesting of restricted stock units and other ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per common share) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation Other ) ) BALANCE AT JULY 29, 2023 ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 geographic segments: the Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); and Asia Pacific, Japan, and China (APJC). 

2. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

to on average. Lease receivables represent sales-type leases resulting from the sale of Cisco s and complementary third-party products and are typically collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets. Lease receivables consist of arrangements with terms of on average. 
 Outstanding financing receivables that are aged days or more from the contractual payment date are considered past due. We do not accrue interest on financing receivables that are considered impaired and more than days past due unless either the receivable has not been collected due to administrative reasons or the receivable is well secured and in the process of collection. Financing receivables may be placed on nonaccrual status earlier if, in management s opinion, a timely collection of the full principal and interest becomes uncertain. After a financing receivable has been categorized as nonaccrual, interest will be recognized when cash is received. A financing receivable may be returned to accrual status after all of the customer s delinquent balances of principal and interest have been settled, and the customer remains current for an appropriate period. 
 We facilitate arrangements for third-party financing extended to channel partners, consisting of revolving short-term financing, generally with payment terms ranging from to days. In certain instances, these financing arrangements result in a transfer of our receivables to the third party. The receivables are derecognized upon transfer, as these transfers qualify as true sales, and we receive a payment for the receivables from the third party based on our standard payment terms. These financing arrangements facilitate the working capital requirements of the channel partners, and, in some cases, we guarantee a portion of these arrangements. We could be called upon to make payments under these guarantees in the event of nonpayment by the channel partners. Deferred revenue relating to these financing arrangements is recorded in accordance with revenue recognition policies or for the fair value of the financing guarantees. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 billion, billion, and billion for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 years 
 Building improvements years 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of remaining lease term or up to years 
 Computer equipment and related software to months 
 Production, engineering, and other equipment Up to years 
 Operating lease assets Based on lease term Furniture and fixtures years 

65 

Table of Contents 

66 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, and was recorded as a reduction of our accounts receivable and revenue. 
 Significant Judgments 
 Revenue is allocated among these performance obligations in a manner that reflects the consideration that we expect to be entitled to for the promised goods or services based on standalone selling prices (SSP). SSP is estimated for each distinct performance obligation and judgment may be required in their determination. The best evidence of SSP is the observable price of a product or service when we sell the goods separately in similar circumstances and to similar customers. In instances where SSP is not directly observable, we determine SSP using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. 
 We assess relevant contractual terms in our customer contracts to determine the transaction price. We apply judgment in identifying contractual terms and determining the transaction price as we may be required to estimate variable consideration when determining the amount of revenue to recognize. Variable consideration includes potential contractual penalties and various rebate, cooperative marketing and other incentive programs that we offer to our distributors, channel partners and customers. When determining the amount of revenue to recognize, we estimate the expected usage of these programs, applying the expected value or most likely estimate and update the estimate at each reporting period as actual utilization becomes available. We also consider the customers right of return in determining the transaction price, where applicable. 
 We assess certain software licenses, such as for security software, that contain critical updates or upgrades which customers can download throughout the contract term. Without these updates or upgrades, the functionality of the software would diminish over a relatively short time period. These updates or upgrades provide the customer the full functionality of the purchased security software licenses and are required to maintain the security license s utility as the risks and threats in the environment are rapidly changing. In these circumstances, the revenue from these software arrangements is recognized as a single performance obligation satisfied over the contract term. 
 Advertising costs included within sales and marketing expenses were approximately million, million, and million for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

67 

Table of Contents 

68 

3. 
 Internet for the Future Collaboration End-to-End Security Optimized Application Experiences Other Products Total Product Services Total 
 Amounts may not sum due to rounding. We have made certain reclassifications to the product revenue amounts for prior periods to conform to the current year presentation. 
 Secure, Agile Networks consists of our core networking technologies of switching, enterprise routing, wireless, and compute products. These technologies consist of both hardware and software offerings, including software licenses and SaaS, that help our customers build networks, automate, orchestrate, integrate, and digitize data. Our hardware and perpetual software in this category are distinct performance obligations where revenue is recognized upfront upon transfer of control. Term software licenses are multiple performance obligations where the term license is recognized upfront upon transfer of control with the associated software maintenance revenue recognized ratably over the contract term. SaaS arrangements in this category have one distinct performance obligation which is satisfied over time with revenue recognized ratably over the contract term. 
 Internet for the Future consists of our routed optical networking, 5G, silicon, and optics solutions. These products consist primarily of both hardware and software offerings, including software licenses and SaaS. Our hardware and perpetual software in this category are distinct performance obligations where revenue is recognized upfront upon transfer of control. Term software licenses are multiple performance obligations where the term license is recognized upfront upon transfer of control with the associated software maintenance revenue recognized ratably over the contract term. SaaS arrangements in this category have one distinct performance obligation which is satisfied over time with revenue recognized ratably over the contract term. 
 Collaboration consists of our Meetings, Collaboration Devices, Calling, Contact Center and CPaaS offerings. These products consist primarily of software offerings, including software licenses and SaaS, as well as hardware. Our perpetual software and hardware in this category are distinct performance obligations where revenue is recognized upfront upon transfer of control. Term software licenses are multiple performance obligations where the term license is recognized upfront upon transfer of control with the associated software maintenance revenue recognized ratably over the contract term. SaaS arrangements in this category have one distinct performance obligation which is satisfied over time with revenue recognized ratably over the contract term. 
 End-to-End Security consists of our Cloud and Application Security, Industrial Security, Network Security, and User and Device Security offerings. These products consist of both hardware and software offerings, including software licenses and SaaS. Updates and upgrades for the term software licenses are critical for our software to perform its intended commercial purpose because of the continuous need for our software to secure our customers network environments against frequent threats. Therefore, security software licenses are generally represented by a single distinct performance obligation with revenue recognized ratably over the contract term. Our hardware and perpetual software in this category are distinct performance obligations where revenue is recognized upfront upon transfer of control. SaaS arrangements in this category have one distinct performance obligation which is satisfied over time with revenue recognized ratably over the contract term. 
 Optimized Application Experiences consists of our full stack observability and network assurance offerings. These products consist primarily of software offerings, including software licenses and SaaS. Our perpetual software in this category are distinct performance obligations where revenue is recognized upfront upon transfer of control. Term software licenses are multiple performance obligations where the term license is recognized upfront upon transfer of control with the associated 
 69 

days. We provide financing arrangements to customers for all of our hardware, software and service offerings. Refer to Note 9 for additional information. For these arrangements, cash is typically received over time. 
 (b) Contract Balances 
 Accounts Receivable 
 Accounts receivable, net was billion as of July 29, 2023 compared to billion as of July 30, 2022, as reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Provisions (benefits) Recoveries (write-offs), net ) ) ) Foreign exchange and other ) ) Allowance for credit loss at end of fiscal year 
 Contract Assets and Liabilities 
 5 to 6 7 and Higher Total 
 Contract assets consist of unbilled receivables and are recorded when revenue is recognized in advance of scheduled billings to our customers. These amounts are primarily related to software and service arrangements where transfer of control has occurred but we have not yet invoiced. As of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, our contract assets for these unbilled receivables, net of allowances, were billion and billion, respectively, and were included in other current assets and other assets. 
 Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue. Deferred revenue was billion as of July 29, 2023 compared to billion as of July 30, 2022. We recognized approximately billion of revenue during fiscal 2023 that was included in the deferred revenue balance at July 30, 2022. 
 (c) Capitalized Contract Acquisition Costs 
 We capitalize direct and incremental costs incurred to acquire contracts, primarily sales commissions, for which the associated revenue is expected to be recognized in future periods. We incur these costs in connection with both initial contracts and renewals. These costs are initially deferred and typically amortized over the term of the customer contract which corresponds to the period of benefit. Deferred sales commissions were billion and billion as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively, and were included in other current assets and other assets. The amortization expense associated with these costs was million and million for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively, and was included in sales and marketing expenses. 
 
 70 

4. 
 acquisitions during fiscal 2023. 
 in total) 
 ) 
 The total purchase consideration related to our acquisitions completed during fiscal 2023 consisted primarily of cash consideration. The total cash and cash equivalents acquired from these acquisitions was approximately million. 
 Fiscal 2022 Acquisitions 
 in total) 
 
 The total purchase consideration related to our acquisitions completed during fiscal 2022 consisted of cash consideration and vested share-based awards assumed. The total cash and cash equivalents acquired from these acquisitions was approximately million. 
 Fiscal 2021 Acquisitions 
 In fiscal 2021, we completed acquisitions for total purchase consideration of billion. 
 (b) Other Acquisition and Divestiture Information 
 Total transaction costs related to acquisition and divestiture activities during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 were million, million, and million, respectively. These transaction costs were expensed as incurred in G A expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The goodwill generated from acquisitions completed during fiscal 2023 is primarily related to expected synergies. The goodwill is generally not deductible for income tax purposes. 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements include the operating results of each acquisition from the date of acquisition. Pro forma results of operations and the revenue and net income subsequent to the acquisition date for the acquisitions completed during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 have not been presented because the effects of the acquisitions were not material to our financial results. 
 
 71 

5. 
 EMEA APJC Total 
 Balance at July 31, 2021 Acquisitions Foreign Currency Translation and Other Balance at July 30, 2022 Americas ) EMEA ) APJC ) Total ) 
 (b) Purchased Intangible Assets 
 in total) 
 
 FINITE LIVES INDEFINITE LIVES TOTAL TECHNOLOGY CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS IPR D Fiscal 2022 Weighted- Average Useful Life (in Years) Amount Weighted- Average Useful Life (in Years) Amount Amount Amount Total acquisitions in total) 
 
 ) Customer relationships ) Other ) Total purchased intangible assets with finite lives ) In-process research and development, with indefinite lives Total ) 
 72 

) Customer relationships ) Other ) Total purchased intangible assets with finite lives ) In-process research and development, with indefinite lives Total ) 
 Purchased intangible assets include intangible assets acquired through acquisitions as well as through direct purchases or licenses. 
 Operating expenses Total 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 

6. 
 of the global workforce would be impacted. The total pretax charges are estimated to be approximately million. This rebalancing includes talent movement options and restructuring. Additionally, we have begun optimizing our real estate portfolio, aligned to the broader hybrid work strategy. In connection with the Fiscal 2023 Plan, we incurred charges of million in fiscal 2023. These aggregate pretax charges will be primarily cash-based and will consist of severance and other one-time termination benefits, real estate-related charges, and other costs. We expect the plan to be substantially completed by the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2024 . 
 We initiated a restructuring plan in fiscal 2021 (the Fiscal 2021 Plan ), which was completed in fiscal 2022. In connection with the Fiscal 2021 Plan, we incurred cumulative charges of million. The aggregate pretax charges related to this plan were primarily cash-based and consist of severance and other one-time termination benefits, and other costs. 
 73 

Charges Cash payments ) ) ) Non-cash items ) ) Liability as of July 31, 2021 Charges ) Cash payments ) ) ) Non-cash items ) ) Liability as of July 30, 2022 Charges ) Cash payments ) ) ) ) ) Non-cash items ) ) Liability as of July 29, 2023 

7. 
 Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents included in other current assets Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents included in other assets Total 
 Our restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents are funds primarily related to contractual obligations with suppliers. 
 Work in process Finished goods Service-related spares Demonstration systems Total 
 Computer equipment and related software Production, engineering, and other equipment Operating lease assets Furniture, fixtures and other Total gross property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total 
 74 

Service Total Short-term RPO Long-term RPO Total Amount to be recognized as revenue over the next months 
 Deferred revenue Unbilled contract revenue Total 
 Unbilled contract revenue represents noncancelable contracts for which we have not invoiced, have an obligation to perform, and revenue has not yet been recognized in the financial statements. 
 Service Total Reported as: Current Noncurrent Total 
 Transition Tax Payable 
 Noncurrent Total 

8. 
 Operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total operating lease liabilities 
 75 

Short-term lease expense Variable lease expense Total lease expense 
 Supplemental information related to our operating leases is as follows (in millions): 
 Years Ended July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities operating cash flows Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating leases liabilities 
 The weighted-average lease term was years and years as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively. The weighted-average discount rate was and as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less interest ) Total 
 (b) Lessor Arrangements 
 Our leases primarily represent sales-type leases with terms of on average. We provide leasing of our equipment and complementary third-party products primarily through our channel partners and distributors, for which the income arising from these leases is recognized through interest income. Interest income for fiscal 2023 and 2022 was million and million, respectively, and was included in interest income in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The net investment of our lease receivables is measured at the commencement date as the gross lease receivable, residual value less unearned income and allowance for credit loss. For additional information, see Note 9. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Less: Present value of lease payments Unearned income 
 Actual cash collections may differ from the contractual maturities due to early customer buyouts, refinancings, or defaults. 
 76 

Accumulated depreciation ) ) Operating lease assets, net 
 Our operating lease income for fiscal 2023 and 2022 was million and million, respectively, and was included in product revenue in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 2025 2026 Total 

9. 
 to on average. Lease receivables represent sales-type leases resulting from the sale of Cisco s and complementary third-party products and are typically collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets. Lease receivables consist of arrangements with terms of on average. 
 Residual value Unearned income ) ) Allowance for credit loss ) ) ) Total, net Reported as: Current Noncurrent Total, net 
 July 30, 2022 Loan Receivables Lease Receivables Total Gross Residual value Unearned income ) ) Allowance for credit loss ) ) ) Total, net Reported as: Current Noncurrent Total, net 
 77 

5 to 6 7 and Higher Total Loan Receivables Lease Receivables: 1 to 4 5 to 6 7 and Higher Total Lease Receivables Total 
 July 30, 2022 Fiscal Year Internal Credit Risk Rating Prior July 28, 2018 July 27, 2019 July 25, 2020 July 31, 2021 July 30, 2022 Total Loan Receivables: 1 to 4 5 to 6 7 and Higher Total Loan Receivables Lease Receivables: 1 to 4 5 to 6 7 and Higher Total Lease Receivables Total 
 Lease receivables Total 
 DAYS PAST DUE (INCLUDES BILLED AND UNBILLED) July 30, 2022 31 - 60 61 - 90 91+ Total Past Due Current Total 120+ Still Accruing Nonaccrual Financing Receivables Impaired Financing Receivables Loan receivables Lease receivables Total 
 
 78 

days or more past due according to their contractual payment terms. The data in the preceding tables is presented by contract, and the aging classification of each contract is based on the oldest outstanding receivable, and therefore past due amounts also include unbilled and current receivables within the same contract. 
 (c) Allowance for Credit Loss Rollforward 
 Provisions (benefits) ) ) ) Recoveries (write-offs), net ) ) ) Foreign exchange and other ) ) Allowance for credit loss as of July 29, 2023 
 CREDIT LOSS ALLOWANCES Loan Receivables Lease Receivables Total Allowance for credit loss as of July 31, 2021 Provisions (benefits) ) ) Recoveries (write-offs), net ) ) Foreign exchange and other Allowance for credit loss as of July 30, 2022 
 CREDIT LOSS ALLOWANCES Loan Receivables Lease Receivables Total Allowance for credit loss as of July 25, 2020 Provisions (benefits) ) ) ) Recoveries (write-offs), net ) ) ) Foreign exchange and other Allowance for credit loss as of July 31, 2021 

10. 
 ) U.S. government agency securities ) Non-U.S. government and agency securities ) Corporate debt securities ) U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities ) Commercial paper Certificates of deposit Total ) 
 
 79 

) U.S. government agency securities ) Non-U.S. government and agency securities Corporate debt securities ) U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities ) Commercial paper Certificates of deposit Total ) 
 Gross realized losses ) ) ) Total ) 
 ) ) ) U.S. government agency securities ) ) ) Non-U.S. government and agency securities ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Commercial paper Certificates of deposit Total ) ) ) 
 UNREALIZED LOSSES LESS THAN 12 MONTHS UNREALIZED LOSSES 12 MONTHS OR GREATER TOTAL July 30, 2022 Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses U.S. government securities ) ) ) U.S. government agency securities ) ) ) Non-U.S. government and agency securities Corporate debt securities ) ) ) U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 80 

After 1 year through 5 years After 5 years through 10 years After 10 years Mortgage-backed securities with no single maturity Total 
 Actual maturities may differ from the contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay certain obligations. 
 (b) Summary of Equity Investments 
 We held marketable equity securities of million and million as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively. We recognized a net unrealized gain of million during fiscal 2023 and a net unrealized loss of million during fiscal 2022 on our marketable securities still held as of the reporting date. Our net adjustments to non-marketable equity securities measured using the measurement alternative still held was a net loss of million and a net gain of million for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. We held equity interests in certain private equity funds of billion and billion as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively, which are accounted for under the NAV practical expedient. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we have investments in privately held companies and provide financing to certain customers. These privately held companies and customers are evaluated for consolidation under the variable interest or voting interest entity models. We evaluate on an ongoing basis our investments in these privately held companies and our customer financings, and have determined that as of July 29, 2023, there were no additional significant variable interest or voting interest entities required to be consolidated in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 billion. Of the total carrying value of our investments in privately held companies as of July 29, 2023, billion of such investments are considered to be in variable interest entities which are unconsolidated. We have total funding commitments of billion related to privately held investments, some of which may be based on the achievement of certain agreed-upon milestones or are required to be funded on demand. The carrying value of these investments and the additional funding commitments, collectively, represent our maximum exposure related to privately held investments. 
 
 81 

11. 
 Commercial paper Certificates of deposit Corporate debt securities U.S. government securities Available-for-sale debt investments: U.S. government securities U.S. government agency securities Non-U.S. government and agency securities Corporate debt securities U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities Commercial paper Certificates of deposit Equity investments: Marketable equity securities Other current assets: Money market funds Other assets: Money market funds Derivative assets Total Liabilities: Derivative liabilities Total 
 (b) Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 
 82 

billion and billion, respectively. The estimated fair value of our long-term loan receivables approximates their carrying value. We use unobservable inputs in determining discounted cash flows to estimate the fair value of our long-term loan receivables, and therefore they are categorized as Level 3. 
 billion, with a carrying amount of billion. This compares to a fair value of billion and a carrying amount of billion as of July 30, 2022. The fair value of the senior notes was determined based on observable market prices in a less active market and was categorized as Level 2. 

12. 
 Commercial paper Total 
 We have a short-term debt financing program of up to billion through the issuance of commercial paper notes. We use the proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper notes for general corporate purposes. 
 The effective rates for the short- and long-term debt include the interest on the notes, the accretion of the discount, the issuance costs, and, if applicable, adjustments related to hedging. 
 (b) Long-Term Debt 
 February 28, 2023 September 20, 2023 March 4, 2024 June 15, 2025 February 28, 2026 September 20, 2026 February 15, 2039 January 15, 2040 Total Unaccreted discount/issuance costs ) ) Hedge accounting fair value adjustments ) ) Total Reported as: Short-term debt Long-term debt Total 
 
 83 

billion designated as fair value hedges of certain of our fixed-rate senior notes. These swaps convert the fixed interest rates of the fixed-rate notes to floating interest rates based on SOFR. The gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps substantially offset changes in the fair value of the hedged portion of the underlying debt that are attributable to the changes in market interest rates. For additional information, see Note 13. 
 Interest is payable semiannually on each class of the senior fixed-rate notes. Each of the senior fixed-rate notes is redeemable by us at any time, subject to a make-whole premium. The senior notes rank at par with the commercial paper notes that may be issued in the future pursuant to our short-term debt financing program, as discussed above under (a) Short-Term Debt. As of July 29, 2023, we were in compliance with all debt covenants. 
 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 (c) Credit Facility 
 On May 13, 2021, we entered into a -year credit agreement with certain institutional lenders that provides for a billion unsecured revolving credit facility that is scheduled to expire on May 13, 2026. As of July 29, 2023, we were in compliance with the required interest coverage ratio and the other covenants, and we had t borrowed any funds under the credit agreement. On April 18, 2023, we entered into an amendment to the credit agreement to replace the LIBOR index with Term SOFR. 
 Any advances under the -year credit agreement will accrue interest at rates that are equal to, based on certain conditions, either (a) with respect to loans in U.S. dollars, (i) Term SOFR (plus a credit spread adjustment) or (ii) the Base Rate (to be defined as the highest of (x) the Bank of America prime rate, (y) the Federal Funds rate plus and (z) Term SOFR plus ), (b) with respect to loans in Euros, EURIBOR, (c) with respect to loans in Yen, TIBOR and (d) with respect to loans in Pounds Sterling, SONIA, plus a margin that is based on our senior debt credit ratings as published by Standard Poor s Financial Services, LLC and Moody s Investors Service, Inc., provided that in no event will the interest rate be less than . We will pay a quarterly commitment fee during the term of the -year credit agreement which may vary depending on our senior debt credit ratings. In addition, the -year credit agreement incorporates certain sustainability-linked metrics. Specifically, our applicable interest rate and commitment fee are subject to upward or downward adjustments if we achieve, or fail to achieve, certain specified targets based on two key performance indicator metrics: (i) social impact and (ii) foam reduction. We may also, upon the agreement of either the then-existing lenders or additional lenders not currently parties to the agreement, increase the commitments under the credit facility by up to an additional billion and, at our option, extend the maturity of the facility for an additional year up to times. The credit agreement requires that we comply with certain covenants, including that we maintain an interest coverage ratio as defined in the agreement. 

13. 
 
 84 

Other current liabilities Foreign currency derivatives Other assets Other long-term liabilities Interest rate derivatives Other current assets Other current liabilities Interest rate derivatives Other assets Other long-term liabilities Total Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign currency derivatives Other current assets Other current liabilities Foreign currency derivatives Other assets Other long-term liabilities Equity derivatives Other current assets Other current liabilities Total Total) Long-term debt ) ) 
 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments ) ) ) Total ) ) 
 ) Total return swaps deferred compensation Operating expenses and other ) Equity derivatives Other income (loss), net Total ) 
 85 

Interest rate derivatives Total return swaps deferred compensation Total 
 (b) Offsetting of Derivative Instruments 
 
 Under these collateral security arrangements, the net cash collateral provided for was million and million as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively. 
 (c) 
 months. The derivative instrument s gain or loss is initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) and subsequently reclassified into earnings when the hedged exposure affects earnings. 
 We enter into foreign exchange forward and option contracts to reduce the short-term effects of foreign currency fluctuations on assets and liabilities such as foreign currency receivables, long-term customer financings and payables. These derivatives are not designated as hedging instruments. Gains and losses on the contracts are included in other income (loss), net, and substantially offset foreign exchange gains and losses from the remeasurement of intercompany balances, other current assets, or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the reporting entity. 
 We hedge certain net investments in our foreign operations with forward contracts to reduce the effects of foreign currency fluctuations on our net investment in those foreign subsidiaries. These derivative instruments generally have maturities of up to . 
 (d) Interest Rate Risk 
 We hold interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges related to fixed-rate senior notes that are due in fiscal 2024 through 2025. Under these interest rate swaps, we receive fixed-rate interest payments and make interest payments based on SOFR plus a fixed number of basis points. The effect of such swaps is to convert the fixed interest rates of the senior fixed-rate notes to floating interest rates based on SOFR. The gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are included in interest expense and substantially offset changes in the fair value of the hedged portion of the underlying debt that are attributable to the changes in market interest rates. 
 (e) Equity Price Risk 

86 

14. 
 
 1 to 3 years 3 to 5 years Total 
 We record a liability for firm, noncancelable, and unconditional purchase commitments for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with the valuation of our excess and obsolete inventory. As of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, the liability for these purchase commitments was million and million, respectively, and was included in other current liabilities. 
 (b) Other Commitments 
 In connection with our acquisitions, we have agreed to pay certain additional amounts contingent upon the achievement of certain agreed-upon technology, development, product, or other milestones or upon the continued employment with Cisco of certain employees of the acquired entities. 
 
 As of July 29, 2023, we estimated that future cash compensation expense of up to million may be required to be recognized pursuant to the applicable business combination agreements. 
 We also have certain funding commitments, primarily related to our privately held investments, some of which are based on the achievement of certain agreed-upon milestones or are required to be funded on demand. The funding commitments were billion and billion as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively. 
 (c) Product Warranties 
 Provisions for warranties issued Adjustments for pre-existing warranties Settlements ) ) ) Balance at end of fiscal year 
 We accrue for warranty costs as part of our cost of sales based on associated material product costs, labor costs for technical support staff, and associated overhead. Our products are generally covered by a warranty for periods ranging from days to , and for some products we provide a limited lifetime warranty. 
 87 

to days. These financing arrangements facilitate the working capital requirements of the channel partners, and, in some cases, we guarantee a portion of these arrangements. The volume of channel partner financing was billion, billion, and billion in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The balance of the channel partner financing subject to guarantees was billion and billion as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively. 
 Financing Guarantee Summary 
 Deferred revenue ) ) Total 
 (e) Indemnifications 
 In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, and our Amended and Restated Bylaws contain similar indemnification obligations to our agents. 
 (f) Legal Proceedings 
 Brazil Brazilian authorities have investigated our Brazilian subsidiary and certain of its former employees, as well as a Brazilian importer of our products, and its affiliates and employees, relating to alleged evasion of import taxes and alleged improper transactions involving the subsidiary and the importer. Brazilian tax authorities have assessed claims against our Brazilian subsidiary based on a theory of joint liability with the Brazilian importer for import taxes, interest, and penalties. In addition to claims asserted by the Brazilian federal tax authorities in prior fiscal years, tax authorities from the Brazilian state of Sao Paulo have asserted similar claims on the same legal basis in prior fiscal years. 
 The asserted claims by Brazilian federal tax authorities are for calendar years 2003 through 2007, and the asserted claims by the tax authorities from the state of Sao Paulo are for calendar years 2005 through 2007. The total asserted claims by Brazilian state and federal tax authorities aggregate to million for the alleged evasion of import and other taxes, million for interest, and million for various penalties, all determined using an exchange rate as of July 29, 2023. 
 We have completed a thorough review of the matters and believe the asserted claims against our Brazilian subsidiary are without merit, and we are defending the claims vigorously. While we believe there is no legal basis for the alleged liability, due to the complexities and uncertainty surrounding the judicial process in Brazil and the nature of the claims asserting joint liability with the importer, we are unable to determine the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome against our Brazilian subsidiary and are unable to reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any. We do not expect a final judicial determination for several years. 
 Centripetal On February 13, 2018, Centripetal Networks, Inc. Centripetal asserted patent infringement claims against us in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, alleging that several of our products and services infringe Centripetal U.S. patents. The district court case went to trial on asserted patents. Subsequently, on October 5, 2020, the district court issued a judgment finding validity and willful infringement of of the asserted patents and non-infringement of the fifth patent and awarded billion in damages and million in pre-judgment interest, declined to issue an injunction 
 88 

rate, with a minimum and maximum annual royalty of million and million, respectively, and for a second three-year term at a rate, with a minimum and maximum annual royalty of million and million, respectively. We appealed and, on June 23, 2022, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit Federal Circuit vacated the district court s final judgment, remanded the case back to the district court to be assigned to a new judge and ordered the district court to conduct additional proceedings. The district court held a hearing on these additional proceedings over three days beginning on June 22, 2023, and a decision is pending. Prior to the hearing, on May 24, 2023, the Patent Trial and Appeal Board cancelled all claims of of the Centripetal patents that was the subject of the hearing. On August 9, 2022, Centripetal filed a petition for writ of certiorari in the U.S. Supreme Court challenging the Federal Circuit s decision. The Supreme Court denied Centripetal s petition on December 5, 2022. 
 Between April 2020 and February 2022, Centripetal filed complaints in the District Court of Dusseldorf in Germany German Court ), asserting a total of patents and utility model. Centripetal sought damages and injunctive relief in all cases. On December 10, 2021, the German Court rejected Centripetal s complaints on patents, and Centripetal has appealed. A hearing for a Cisco nullity action in the Federal Patent Court in Germany on one of those patents occurred on August 1, 2022, and we are waiting for the Court s opinion. On December 21, 2021, the German Court stayed its decision on infringement of the third patent pending a decision by the Federal Patent Court in a related nullity proceeding. On May 17, 2022, Centripetal withdrew its complaint for infringement of the German utility model. The German Court conducted a hearing on the remaining Centripetal complaints on November 22, 2022. The German Court found no infringement on patent and stayed the decision in the final case pending a decision by the European Patent Office in a related opposition proceeding. 
 On July 10, 2023, Centripetal filed a complaint in the Paris Judiciary Court asserting the French counterpart of a European Patent. Centripetal seeks damages and injunctive relief in the case. Centripetal previously asserted the German counterpart of the same European Patent in Germany and the German Court rejected Centripetal s complaint finding no infringement. 
 Due to uncertainty surrounding patent litigation processes in the U.S. and Europe, we are unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate outcome of the litigations at this time. If we do not prevail in either litigation, we believe that any damages ultimately assessed would not have a material effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Ramot On June 12, 2019, Ramot at Tel Aviv University Ltd. Ramot asserted patent infringement claims against us in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas E.D. Tex. ), seeking damages, including enhanced damages, and a royalty on future sales. Ramot alleges that certain Cisco optical transceiver modules and line cards infringe patents. We challenged the validity of all patents in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office PTO by way of ex parte reexamination proceedings and the pending District Court case has been stayed. On July 10, 2023, the PTO issued a reexamination certificate finding all amended claims patentable with respect to asserted patent and reexamination proceedings for the other asserted patents are still pending. 
 On February 26, 2021, Ramot asserted patent infringement claims against Acacia Communications, Inc. Acacia in the District of Delaware D. Del. ), seeking damages, including enhanced damages, and a royalty on future sales. Ramot alleges that certain Acacia optical transceiver modules and integrated circuits infringe of the patents that Ramot asserted in the E.D. Tex. case and this case is also stayed pending the reexamination proceedings referenced above. 
 On September 28, 2021 and May 24, 2022, Cisco and Acacia filed declaratory judgment actions of noninfringement against Ramot in D. Del on other Ramot patents in the same family as those involved in the pending cases above. Ramot is asserting counterclaims for infringement of the same patents and seeks damages, including enhanced damages, and a royalty on future sales. While we believe that we have strong non-infringement and invalidity arguments in these litigations, and that Ramot s damages theories in such cases are not supported by prevailing law, we are unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate outcome of these litigations at this time due to uncertainties in the litigation processes. If we do not prevail in court in these litigations, we believe any damages ultimately assessed would not have a material effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Viasat On November 6, 2019, Viasat, Inc. Viasat filed suit against Acacia in the California Superior Court for San Diego County SDSC ), alleging contract and trade secret claims for certain Acacia products sold from January 1, 2019 forward Viasat 2019 ). In May 2023, a judgment was entered against Cisco in Viasat 2019 for an amount that did not have a material effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements. Acacia has filed an appeal with the California Court of Appeal and no hearing date has been set. 
 On June 9, 2020, Viasat filed another suit in SDSC alleging contract and trade secret claims for sales of additional Acacia products Viasat 2020 ). In October 2022, an amended complaint was filed in Viasat 2020 asserting the same claims but alleging additional information. A trial date has been set for January 26, 2024. We are unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate outcome of Viasat 2020 at this time due to uncertainties in the litigation processes. If we do not prevail, we believe that any relief ultimately assessed in Viasat 2020 will not have a material effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 89 

patents. Egenera sought damages, including enhanced damages, and an injunction. of the asserted patents were dismissed, leaving Egenera s infringement claim based on one asserted patent. On March 25, 2022, the PTO preliminarily found all of the asserted claims of the remaining patent unpatentable in ex parte reexamination proceedings. On August 15, 2022, after a jury trial for the remaining patent, the jury returned a verdict in favor of Cisco. The District Court denied Egenera s post-trial motions, and Egenera filed an appeal to the Federal Circuit on January 13, 2023 and those proceedings are ongoing. 
 In addition to the above matters, we are subject to other legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, including intellectual property litigation. While the outcome of these matters is currently not determinable, we do not believe that the ultimate costs to resolve these matters will have a material effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

15. 
 billion with no termination date. 
 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 
 There were million, million and million in stock repurchases that were pending settlement as of July 29, 2023, July 30, 2022 and July 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The purchase price for the shares of our stock repurchased is reflected as a reduction to stockholders equity. 
 We are required to allocate the purchase price of the repurchased shares as (i) a reduction to retained earnings or an increase to accumulated deficit and (ii) a reduction of common stock and additional paid-in capital. 
 (b) Dividends Declared 
 On August 16, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of per common share to be paid on October 25, 2023, to all stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 4, 2023. Future dividends will be subject to the approval of our Board of Directors. 
 (c) Preferred Stock 
 Under the terms of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors is authorized to issue preferred stock in one or more series and, in connection with the creation of such series, to fix by resolution the designation, powers (including voting powers (if any)), preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, of such series, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the shares of such series. As of July 29, 2023, we had not issued any shares of preferred stock. 
 
 90 

16. 
 stock incentive plan: the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2005 Plan ). In addition, we have, in connection with our acquisitions of various companies, assumed the share-based awards granted under stock incentive plans of the acquired companies or issued share-based awards in replacement thereof. Share-based awards are designed to reward employees for their long-term contributions to us and provide incentives for them to remain with us. The number and frequency of share-based awards are based on competitive practices, our operating results, government regulations, and other factors. Our primary stock incentive plan is summarized as follows: 
 The 2005 Plan provides for the granting of stock options, stock grants, stock units and stock appreciation rights (SARs), the vesting of which may be time-based or upon satisfaction of performance goals, or both, and/or other conditions. Employees (including employee directors and executive officers) and consultants of Cisco and its subsidiaries and affiliates and non-employee directors of Cisco are eligible to participate in the 2005 Plan. The 2005 Plan may be terminated by our Board of Directors at any time and for any reason, and is currently set to terminate at the 2030 Annual Meeting unless re-adopted or extended by our stockholders prior to or on such date. 
 Under the 2005 Plan s share reserve feature, a distinction is made between the number of shares in the reserve attributable to (i) stock options and SARs and (ii) full value awards (i.e., stock grants and stock units). Shares issued as stock grants, pursuant to stock units or pursuant to the settlement of dividend equivalents are counted against shares available for issuance under the 2005 Plan on a -to-1 ratio. For each share awarded as restricted stock or a restricted stock unit award under the 2005 Plan, shares was deducted from the available share-based award balance. If awards issued under the 2005 Plan are forfeited or terminated for any reason before being exercised or settled, then the shares underlying such awards, plus the number of additional shares, if any, that counted against shares available for issuance under the 2005 Plan at the time of grant as a result of the application of the share ratio described above, will become available again for issuance under the 2005 Plan. As of July 29, 2023, million shares were authorized for future grant under the 2005 Plan. 
 (b) Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 We have an Employee Stock Purchase Plan under which eligible employees are offered shares through a -month offering period, which consists of consecutive -month purchase periods. Employees may purchase a limited amount of shares of our stock at a discount of up to of the lesser of the fair market value at the beginning of the offering period or the end of each -month purchase period. The Employee Stock Purchase Plan is scheduled to terminate on the earlier of (i) January 3, 2030 and (ii) the date on which all shares available for issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan are sold pursuant to exercised purchase rights. We issued million, million, and million shares under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. As of July 29, 2023, million shares were available for issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 (c) Summary of Share-Based Compensation Expense 
 Cost of sales service Share-based compensation expense in cost of sales Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Restructuring and other charges Share-based compensation expense in operating expenses Total share-based compensation expense Income tax benefit for share-based compensation 
 As of July 29, 2023, the total compensation cost related to unvested share-based awards not yet recognized was billion, which is expected to be recognized over approximately years on a weighted-average basis. 
 91 

Granted and assumed Vested ) Canceled/forfeited/other ) UNVESTED BALANCE AT JULY 31, 2021 Granted and assumed Vested ) Canceled/forfeited/other ) UNVESTED BALANCE AT JULY 30, 2022 Granted and assumed Vested ) Canceled/forfeited/other ) UNVESTED BALANCE AT JULY 29, 2023 
 (e) Valuation of Employee Share-Based Awards 
 Time-based restricted stock units and PRSUs that are based on our financial performance metrics or non-financial operating goals are valued using the market value of our common stock on the date of grant, discounted for the present value of expected dividends. On the date of grant, we estimated the fair value of the total shareholder return (TSR) component of the PRSUs using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The PRSUs granted during the fiscal years presented are contingent on the achievement of our financial performance metrics, our comparative market-based returns, or the achievement of financial and non-financial operating goals. 
 Grant date fair value per share Weighted-average assumptions/inputs: Expected dividend yield Range of risk-free interest rates 

PERFORMANCE BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS Years Ended July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Number of shares granted (in millions) Grant date fair value per share Weighted-average assumptions/inputs: Expected dividend yield N/A Range of risk-free interest rates N/A 

92 

Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend Expected life (in years) Weighted-average estimated grant date fair value per share 
 The valuation of employee stock purchase rights and the related assumptions are for the employee stock purchases made during the respective fiscal years. 
 We used the implied volatility for traded options (with contract terms corresponding to the expected life of the employee stock purchase rights) on our stock as the expected volatility assumption required in the Black-Scholes model. The implied volatility is more representative of future stock price trends than historical volatility. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates appropriate for the term of our employee stock purchase rights. The dividend yield assumption is based on the history and expectation of dividend payouts at the grant date. 
 (f) Employee 401(k) Plans 
 We sponsor the Cisco Systems, Inc. 401(k) Plan (the Plan to provide retirement benefits for our employees. As allowed under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, the Plan provides for tax-deferred salary contributions and after-tax contributions for eligible employees. The Plan allows employees to contribute up to of their annual eligible earnings to the Plan on a pretax and after-tax basis, including Roth contributions. Employee contributions are limited to a maximum annual amount as set periodically by the Internal Revenue Code. We match pretax and Roth employee contributions up to of the first of eligible earnings that are contributed by employees. Therefore, the maximum matching contribution that we may allocate to each participant s account will not exceed for the 2023 calendar year due to the 330,000 annual limit on eligible earnings imposed by the Internal Revenue Code. All matching contributions vest immediately. Our matching contributions to the Plan totaled million, million, and million in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 The Plan allows employees who meet the age requirements and reach the Plan contribution limits to make catch-up contributions (pretax or Roth) not to exceed the lesser of of their annual eligible earnings or the limit set forth in the Internal Revenue Code. Catch-up contributions are not eligible for matching contributions. In addition, the Plan provides for discretionary profit-sharing contributions as determined by the Board of Directors. Such contributions to the Plan are allocated among eligible participants in the proportion of their salaries to the total salaries of all participants. There were discretionary profit-sharing contributions made in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021. 
 We also sponsor other 401(k) plans as a result of acquisitions of other companies. Our contributions to these plans were not material to Cisco on either an individual or aggregate basis for any of the fiscal years presented. 
 (g) Deferred Compensation Plans 
 of eligible compensation in excess of the Internal Revenue Code limit for qualified plans for calendar year 2023 that is deferred by participants under the Deferred Compensation Plan (with a million cap on eligible compensation) will be made to eligible participants accounts at the end of calendar year 2023. The total deferred compensation liability under the Deferred Compensation Plan, together with deferred compensation plans assumed from acquired companies, was approximately million million as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively, and was recorded primarily in other long-term liabilities. 
 93 

17. 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) (Gains) losses reclassified out of AOCI ) ) ) Tax benefit (expense) ) ) BALANCE AT JULY 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) (Gains) losses reclassified out of AOCI ) ) ) Tax benefit (expense) ) ) BALANCE AT JULY 30, 2022 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) (Gains) losses reclassified out of AOCI ) ) ) Tax benefit (expense) BALANCE AT JULY 29, 2023 ) ) ) 

94 

18. 
 Deferred ) ) ) State: Current Deferred ) ) ) Foreign: Current Deferred ) Total 
 International Total 
 Effect of: State taxes, net of federal tax benefit Foreign income at other than U.S. rates ) Tax credits ) ) ) Foreign-derived intangible income deduction ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Other, net ) ) Total 
 During fiscal 2023, we resolved certain items with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) related to the audit of our federal income tax returns for the fiscal years ended July 26, 2014 through July 30, 2016. As a result of the resolution, we recognized a net benefit to the provision for income taxes of million, which included a reduction of interest expense of million. 
 Foreign taxes associated with the repatriation of earnings of foreign subsidiaries were not provided on a cumulative total of billion of undistributed earnings for certain foreign subsidiaries as of the end of fiscal 2023. We intend to reinvest these earnings indefinitely in such foreign subsidiaries. If these earnings were distributed in the form of dividends or otherwise, or if the shares of the relevant foreign subsidiaries were sold or otherwise transferred, we could be subject to additional income and withholding taxes. The amount of potential unrecognized deferred income tax liability related to these earnings is approximately million. 
 95 

Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Ending balance 
 As a result of resolving certain items related to the IRS audit of our federal tax income tax returns for the fiscal years ended July 26, 2014 through July 30, 2016, the amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits in fiscal 2023 was reduced by approximately billion. We also reduced the amount of accrued interest by million. 
 As of July 29, 2023, billion of the unrecognized tax benefits would affect the effective tax rate if realized. We recognized net interest expense of million, million and million during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Our net penalty expense for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 was not material. Our total accrual for interest and penalties was million, million, and million as of the end of fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. We are no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax audit for returns covering tax years through fiscal 2013. We are no longer subject to foreign or state income tax audits for returns covering tax years through fiscal 2003 and fiscal 2008, respectively. 
 We regularly engage in discussions and negotiations with tax authorities regarding tax matters in various jurisdictions. We believe it is reasonably possible that certain federal, foreign, and state tax matters may be concluded in the next 12 months. Specific positions that may be resolved include issues involving transfer pricing and various other matters. We estimate that the unrecognized tax benefits at July 29, 2023 could be reduced by million in the next 12 months. 
 (b) Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities 
 Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax assets 
 
 96 

Sales-type and direct-financing leases Inventory write-downs and capitalization Deferred foreign income IPR D and purchased intangible assets Depreciation Deferred revenue Credits and net operating loss carryforwards Share-based compensation expense Accrued compensation Lease liabilities Capitalized research expenditures Other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets LIABILITIES Goodwill and purchased intangible assets ) ) Unrealized gains on investments ) ROU lease assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred tax assets 
 Additions Deductions ) ) ) Write-offs ) ) ) Foreign exchange and other ) Balance at end of fiscal year 
 As of July 29, 2023, our federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards before valuation allowance for income tax purposes were million, million, and million, respectively. A significant amount of the net operating loss carryforwards relates to acquisitions and, as a result, is limited in the amount that can be recognized in any one year. If not utilized, the federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal 2024. We have provided a valuation allowance of million and million for deferred tax assets related to foreign and state net operating losses respectively that are not expected to be realized. 
 million, billion, and million, respectively. The federal tax credit carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal 2026. The majority of state and foreign tax credits can be carried forward indefinitely. We have provided a valuation allowance of million for deferred tax assets related to state and foreign tax credits carryforwards that are not expected to be realized. 
 
 97 

19. 
 segments: the Americas, EMEA, and APJC. Our management makes financial decisions and allocates resources based on the information it receives from our internal management system. Sales are attributed to a segment based on the ordering location of the customer. We do not allocate research and development, sales and marketing, or general and administrative expenses to our segments in this internal management system because management does not include the information in our measurement of the performance of the operating segments. In addition, we do not allocate amortization and impairment of acquisition-related intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, significant litigation settlements and other contingencies, charges related to asset impairments and restructurings, and certain other charges to the gross margin for each segment because management does not include this information in our measurement of the performance of the operating segments. 
 EMEA APJC Total Gross margin: Americas EMEA APJC Segment total Unallocated corporate items ) ) ) Total 
 Amounts may not sum due to rounding. 
 Revenue in the United States was billion, billion, and billion for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 (b) Revenue for Groups of Similar Products and Services 
 We design and sell IP-based networking and other products related to the communications and IT industry and provide services associated with these products and their use. 
 Internet for the Future Collaboration End-to-End Security Optimized Application Experiences Other Products Total Product Services Total 
 Amounts may not sum due to rounding. We have made certain reclassifications to the amounts for prior fiscal years to conform to the current fiscal year's presentation. 
 98 

International Total 

20. 
 Weighted-average shares basic Effect of dilutive potential common shares Weighted-average shares diluted Net income per share basic Net income per share diluted Antidilutive employee share-based awards, excluded 

99 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Based on our management s evaluation (with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer), as of the end of the period covered by this report, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended, (the Exchange Act )) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management s report on our internal control over financial reporting and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our internal control over financial reporting are set forth, respectively, on page 57 under the caption Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and on page 55 of this report. 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Rule 10b5-1 
 , , Cisco s , a trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. Mr. Sharritts trading plan provides for the sale of gross shares (with any shares underlying performance-based equity awards being calculated at target), plus any related dividend-equivalent shares earned with respect to such shares and excluding, as applicable, any shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the net settlement of the equity awards. Mr. Sharritts trading plan is scheduled to terminate on June 21, 2024, subject to early termination for certain specified events set forth therein. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 100 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer and all members of our finance department, including the principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. This code of ethics can be found at the Financial Officer Code of Ethics link in the Corporate Governance section of Cisco s Investor Relations website at investor.cisco.com. We intend to satisfy any disclosure requirement regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this code of ethics by posting such information on that website or in a report on Form 8-K. 
 The additional information required by this item is included in our Proxy Statement related to the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 7, 2023 (the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements 
 See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 54 of this report. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedule 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes herein. 
 
 3. Exhibits 
 See the Index to Exhibits beginning on page 102 of this report. 
 
 101 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cisco Systems, Inc., as currently in effect 
 8-K12B 001-39940 3.1 1/25/2021 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Cisco Systems, Inc., as currently in effect 
 8-K 001-39940 3.2 3/10/2023 4.1 Indenture, dated February 17, 2009, between Cisco Systems, Inc. and the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 8-K 000-18225 4.1 2/17/2009 4.2 Indenture, dated November 17, 2009, between Cisco Systems, Inc. and the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 8-K 000-18225 4.1 11/17/2009 4.3 Indenture, dated March 3, 2014, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 8-K 000-18225 4.1 3/3/2014 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated January 25, 2021 to the Indenture, dated February 17, 2009, between Cisco Systems, Inc. and the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 10-Q 001-39940 4.1 2/16/2021 4.5 First Supplemental Indenture, dated January 25, 2021 to the Indenture, dated November 17, 2009, between Cisco Systems, Inc. and the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 10-Q 001-39940 4.2 2/16/2021 4.6 First Supplemental Indenture, dated January 25, 2021 to the Indenture, dated March 3, 2014, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company 
 10-Q 001-39940 4.3 2/16/2021 4.7 Forms of Global Note for the registrant s 5.90 Senior Notes due 2039 
 8-K 000-18225 4.1 2/17/2009 4.8 Forms of Global Note for the registrant s 4.45 Senior Notes due 2020 and 5.50 Senior Notes due 2040 
 8-K 000-18225 4.1 11/17/2009 4.9 Form of Officer s Certificate setting forth the terms of the Fixed and Floating Rate Notes issued in March 2014 
 8-K 000-18225 4.2 3/3/2014 4.10 Form of Officer s Certificate setting forth the terms of the Fixed and Floating Notes issued in June 2015 
 8-K 000-18225 4.1 6/18/2015 4.11 Form of Officer s Certificate setting forth the terms of the Fixed and Floating Notes issued in February 2016 
 8-K 000-18225 4.1 2/29/2016 4.12 Form of Officer s Certificate setting forth the terms of the Fixed and Floating Notes issued in September 2016 
 8-K 000-18225 4.1 9/20/2016 4.13 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 10-K 001-39940 4.13 9/9/2021 10.1 Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (including related form agreements) 
 X 10.2 Cisco Systems, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 10-Q 001-39940 10.7 2/16/2021 10.3 Cisco Systems, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended 
 10-Q 001-39940 10.3 11/22/2022 10.4 Cisco Systems, Inc. Executive Incentive Plan 
 8-K 000-18225 10.2 12/12/2017 10.5 Form of Indemnity Agreement 
 8-K12B 001-39940 10.1 1/25/2021 
 102 

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.6 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 18, 2023, by and among Cisco Systems, Inc., certain lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administration agent, swing line lender, and L/C issuer 
 10-Q 001-39940 10.1 5/24/2023 10.7 Commercial Paper Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement, dated September 29, 2022, by and between Cisco Systems, Inc. and Citibank, N.A. 
 8-K 001-39940 10.1 10/4/2022 10.8 Form of Amendment to Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement 
 8-K 001-39940 10.2 10/4/2022 10.9 Letter Agreement by and between Cisco Systems, Inc. and Dev Stahlkopf 
 10-Q 001-39940 10.4 11/22/2022 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 X 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 X 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on page 104 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 X 31.1 Rule 13a 14(a)/15d 14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 X 31.2 Rule 13a 14(a)/15d 14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 X 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 X 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101) X 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 103 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 September 7, 2023 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. /S/ C HARLES H . R OBBINS 
 Charles H. Robbins Chair and Chief Executive Officer 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Charles H. Robbins and R. Scott Herren, jointly and severally, his attorney-in-fact, each with the full power of substitution, for such person, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might do or could do in person hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his substitute, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /S/ C HARLES H . R OBBINS 
 Chair and Chief Executive Officer September 7, 2023 Charles H. Robbins (Principal Executive Officer) /S/ R. S COTT H ERREN 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer September 7, 2023 R. Scott Herren (Principal Financial Officer) /S/ M . V ICTORIA W ONG 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer September 7, 2023 M. Victoria Wong (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 104 

Signature Title Date /S/ M . M ICHELE B URNS 
 Director September 7, 2023 M. Michele Burns /S/ W ESLEY G . B USH 
 Director September 7, 2023 Wesley G. Bush /S/ M ICHAEL D . C APELLAS 
 Lead Independent Director September 7, 2023 Michael D. Capellas /S/ M ARK G ARRETT 
 Director September 7, 2023 Mark Garrett /S/ J OHN D. H ARRIS II 
 Director September 7, 2023 John D. Harris II /S/ K RISTINA M . J OHNSON 
 Director September 7, 2023 Dr. Kristina M. Johnson /S/ R ODERICK C. M CGEARY 
 Director September 7, 2023 Roderick C. McGeary /S/ S ARAH R AE M URPHY 
 Director September 7, 2023 Sarah Rae Murphy /S/ L ISA T . S U 
 Director September 7, 2023 Dr. Lisa T. Su /S/ M ARIANNA T ESSEL 
 Director September 7, 2023 Marianna Tessel 
 
 105 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exh101ciscosip2005q423.htm
 CISCO SYSTEMS INC. 2005 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN (INCLUDING RELATED FORM AGREEMENTS)

Document 

Exhibit 10.1 
 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 2005 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
 AS AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 (Effective as of January 25, 2021) 

SECTION 1. INTRODUCTION. 
 The Company s shareholders approved the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated and effective on December 10, 2020. 
 The purpose of the Plan is to promote the long-term success of the Company and the creation of shareholder value by offering Key Employees an opportunity to share in such long-term success by acquiring a proprietary interest in the Company. 
 The Plan seeks to achieve this purpose by providing for discretionary long-term incentive Awards in the form of Options (which may constitute Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options), Stock Appreciation Rights, Stock Grants, and Stock Units. 
 The Plan shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California (except its choice-of-law provisions). 
 Capitalized terms shall have the meaning provided in Section 2 unless otherwise provided in this Plan or any related Stock Option Agreement, SAR Agreement, Stock Grant Agreement or Stock Unit Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 2. DEFINITIONS . 
 (a) Affiliate means any entity other than a Subsidiary, if the Company and or one or more Subsidiaries own not less than 50 of such entity. 
 (b) Award means any award of an Option, SAR, Stock Grant or Stock Unit under the Plan. 
 (c) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company, as constituted from time to time. 
 (d) Cashless Exercise means, to the extent that a Stock Option Agreement so provides and as permitted by applicable law, a program approved by the Committee in which payment may be made all or in part by delivery (on a form prescribed by the Committee) of an irrevocable direction to a securities broker to sell Shares and to deliver all or part of the sale proceeds to the Company in payment of the aggregate Exercise Price and, if applicable, the amount necessary to satisfy the Company s withholding obligations at the minimum statutory withholding rates, including, but not limited to, U.S. federal and state income taxes, payroll taxes, and foreign taxes, if applicable. 
 (e) Cause means, except as may otherwise be provided in a Participant s employment agreement or Award agreement, a conviction of a Participant for a felony crime or the failure of a Participant to contest prosecution for a felony crime, or a Participant s misconduct, fraud or dishonesty (as such terms are defined by the Committee in its sole discretion), or any unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information or trade secrets, in each case as determined by the Committee, and the Committee s determination shall be conclusive and binding. 
 (f) Change In Control except as may otherwise be provided in a Participant s employment agreement or Award agreement, means the occurrence of any of the following 
 (i) A change in the composition of the Board over a period of thirty-six consecutive months or less such that a majority of the Board members ceases, by reason of one or more contested elections for Board membership, to be comprised of individuals who either (A) have been Board members continuously since the beginning of such period or (B) have been elected or nominated for election as Board members during such period by at least a majority of the Board members described in clause (A) who were still in office at the time the Board approved such election or nomination or 
 (ii) The acquisition, directly or indirectly, by any person or related group of persons (other than the Company or a person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities of the Company representing more than 35 of the total combined 
 1 

voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made directly to the Company s shareholders which the Board does not recommend such shareholders accept. 
 (g) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations and interpretations promulgated thereunder. 
 (h) Committee means a committee described in Section 3. 
 (i) Common Stock means the Company s common stock. 
 (j) Company means Cisco Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 (k) Consultant means an individual who performs bona fide services to the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate, other than as an Employee or Director or Non-Employee Director. 
 (l) Corporate Transaction except as may otherwise be provided in a Participant s employment agreement or Award agreement, means the occurrence of any of the following shareholder approved transactions 
 (i) The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another entity or any other corporate reorganization, if more than 50 of the combined voting power of the continuing or surviving entity s securities outstanding immediately after such merger, consolidation or other reorganization is owned by persons who were not shareholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or other reorganization or 
 (ii) The sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets. 
 A transaction shall not constitute a Corporate Transaction if its sole purpose is to change the state of the Company's incorporation or to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company's securities immediately before such transactions. 
 (m) Director means a member of the Board who is also an Employee. 
 (n) Disability means that the Key Employee is classified as disabled under a long term disability policy of the Company or, if no such policy applies, the Key Employee is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months. 
 (o) Employee means an individual who is a common-law employee of the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate. 
 (p) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 (q) Exercise Price means, in the case of an Option, the amount for which a Share may be purchased upon exercise of such Option, as specified in the applicable Stock Option Agreement. Exercise Price, in the case of a SAR, means an amount, as specified in the applicable SAR Agreement, which is subtracted from the Fair Market Value in determining the amount payable upon exercise of such SAR. 
 (r) Fair Market Value means the market price of a Share as determined in good faith by the Committee. The Fair Market Value shall be determined by the following 
 (i) If the Shares were traded over-the-counter or listed with NASDAQ on the date in question, then the Fair Market Value shall be equal to the last transaction price quoted by the NASDAQ system for the date in question or (ii) if the Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange on the date in question, the Fair Market Value is the closing selling price for the Common Stock as such price is officially quoted in the composite tape of transactions on the exchange determined by the Committee to be the primary market for the Common Stock for the date in question provided, however, that if there is no such reported price for the Common Stock for the date in question under (i) or (ii), then such price on the last preceding date for which such price exists shall be determinative of Fair Market Value. 
 If neither (i) or (ii) are applicable, then the Fair Market Value shall be determined by the Committee in good faith on such basis as it deems appropriate. 
 Whenever possible, the determination of Fair Market Value by the Committee shall be based on the prices reported in the Western Edition of The Wall Street Journal . Such determination shall be conclusive and binding on all persons. 
 (s) Fiscal Year means the Company s fiscal year. 
 2 

(t) Grant means any grant of an Award under the Plan. 
 (u) Incentive Stock Option or ISO means an incentive stock option described in Code Section 422. 
 (v) Key Employee means an Employee, Director, Non-Employee Director or Consultant who has been selected by the Committee to receive an Award under the Plan. 
 (w) Non-Employee Director means a member of the Board who is not an Employee. 
 (x) Nonstatutory Stock Option or NSO means a stock option that is not an ISO. 
 (y) Option means an ISO or NSO granted under the Plan entitling the Optionee to purchase Shares. 
 (z) Optionee means an individual, estate or other entity that holds an Option. 
 (aa) Parent means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations ending with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the Company owns stock possessing 50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. A corporation that attains the status of a Parent on a date after the adoption of the Plan shall be considered a Parent commencing as of such date. 
 (bb) Participant means an individual or estate or other entity that holds an Award. 
 (cc) Performance Goal means an objective formula or standard determined by the Committee with respect to each Performance Period utilizing one or more of the following factors and any objectively verifiable adjustment(s) thereto permitted and pre-established by the Committee (i) operating income, operating cash flow and operating expense (ii) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (iii) earnings (iv) cash flow (v) market share (vi) sales (vii) revenue (viii) profits before interest and taxes (ix) expenses (x) cost of goods sold (xi) profit loss or profit margin (xii) working capital (xiii) return on capital, equity or assets (xiv) earnings per share (xv) economic value added (xvi) stock price (xvii) price earnings ratio (xviii) debt or debt-to-equity (xix) accounts receivable (xx) writeoffs (xxi) cash (xxii) assets (xxiii) liquidity (xxiv) operations (xxv) intellectual property (e.g., patents) (xxvi) product development (xxvii) regulatory activity (xxviii) manufacturing, production or inventory (xxix) mergers and acquisitions or divestitures (xxx) financings (xxxi) customer satisfaction (xxxii) total shareholder return and or (xxxiii) any other performance factor selected by the Committee, each with respect to the Company and or one or more of its affiliates or operating units. 
 (dd) Performance Period means any period not exceeding 36 months as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. The Committee may establish different Performance Periods for different Participants, and the Committee may establish concurrent or overlapping Performance Periods. 
 (ee) Plan means this Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan as amended and restated, and as it may be further amended from time to time. 
 (ff) Previous Plan Award means any award of an Option, SAR, Stock Grant or Stock Unit under the Cisco Systems, Inc. 1996 Stock Incentive Plan, the Cisco Systems, Inc. SA Acquisition Long-Term Incentive Plan or the Cisco Systems, Inc. WebEx Acquisition Long-Term Incentive Plan. 
 (gg) Re-Price means that the Company has (i) lowered or reduced the Exercise Price of outstanding Options and or outstanding SARs for any Participant(s), whether through amendment, cancellation, or replacement grants, or any other means, (ii) repurchased for cash outstanding Options and or outstanding SARs when the Exercise Price is greater than the Fair Market Value of the underlying Shares, or (iii) any other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principles. 
 (hh) SAR Agreement means the agreement described in Section 8 evidencing each Award of a Stock Appreciation Right. 
 (ii) SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 (jj) Section 16 Persons means those officers, directors or other persons who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 (kk) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 (ll) Service means service as an Employee, Director, Non-Employee Director or Consultant. A Participant s Service does not terminate when continued service crediting is required by applicable law. However, for purposes of determining whether an Option is entitled to continuing ISO status, a common-law employee s Service will be treated as terminating ninety (90) days after such Employee went on leave, unless 
 3 

such Employee s right to return to active work is guaranteed by law or by a contract. Service terminates in any event when the approved leave ends, unless such Employee immediately returns to active work. The Committee determines which leaves count toward Service, and when Service terminates for all purposes under the Plan. Further, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, a Participant s Service shall not be deemed to have terminated merely because of a change in the capacity in which the Participant provides service to the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate, or a transfer between entities (the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary, or Affiliate) provided that there is no interruption or other termination of Service. 
 (mm) Share means one share of Common Stock. 
 (nn) Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a stock appreciation right awarded under the Plan. 
 (oo) Stock Grant means Shares awarded under the Plan. 
 (pp) Stock Grant Agreement means the agreement described in Section 9 evidencing each Award of a Stock Grant. 
 (qq) Stock Option Agreement means the agreement described in Section 6 evidencing each Award of an Option. 
 (rr) Stock Unit means a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent of one Share, as awarded under the Plan. 
 (ss) Stock Unit Agreement means the agreement described in Section 10 evidencing each Award of a Stock Unit. 
 (tt) Subsidiary means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company, if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. A corporation that attains the status of a Subsidiary on a date after the adoption of the Plan shall be considered a Subsidiary commencing as of such date. 
 (uu) 10-Percent Shareholder means an individual who owns more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of outstanding stock of the Company, its Parent or any of its Subsidiaries. In determining stock ownership, the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the Code shall be applied. 
 
 SECTION 3. ADMINISTRATION . 
 (a) Committee Composition. The Board or a Committee appointed by the Board shall administer the Plan. Unless the Board provides otherwise, the Company s Compensation & Management Development Committee shall be the Committee. Members of the Committee shall serve for such period of time as the Board may determine and shall be subject to removal by the Board at any time. The Board may also at any time terminate the functions of the Committee and reassume all powers and authority previously delegated to the Committee. 
 The Committee shall have membership composition which enables Awards to Section 16 Persons to qualify as exempt from liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. 
 The Board may also appoint one or more separate committees of the Board, each composed of two or more directors of the Company who need not qualify under Rule 16b-3, that may administer the Plan with respect to Key Employees who are not Section 16 Persons, may grant Awards under the Plan to such Key Employees and may determine all terms of such Awards. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board shall constitute the Committee and shall administer the Plan with respect to Non-Employee Directors, shall grant Awards under the Plan to such Non-Employee Directors, and shall determine all terms of such Awards. 
 (b) Authority of the Committee. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have full authority and sole discretion to take any actions it deems necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. Such actions shall include 
 (i) selecting Key Employees who are to receive Awards under the Plan 
 (ii) determining the type, number, vesting requirements and other features and conditions of such Awards and amending such Awards 
 (iii) correcting any defect, supplying any omission, or reconciling any inconsistency in the Plan or any Award agreement 
 4 

(iv) accelerating the vesting, or extending the post-termination exercise term, of Awards at any time and under such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate 
 (v) interpreting the Plan 
 (vi) making all other decisions relating to the operation of the Plan and 
 (vii) adopting such plans or subplans as may be deemed necessary or appropriate to provide for the participation by Key Employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates who reside outside the U.S., which plans and or subplans shall be attached hereto as Appendices. 
 The Committee may adopt such rules or guidelines as it deems appropriate to implement the Plan. The Committee s determinations under the Plan shall be final and binding on all persons. 
 (c) Indemnification. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, each member of the Committee, or of the Board, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from (i) any loss, cost, liability, or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action taken or failure to act under the Plan or any Stock Option Agreement, SAR Agreement, Stock Grant Agreement or Stock Unit Agreement, and (ii) from any and all amounts paid by him or her in settlement thereof, with the Company s approval, or paid by him or her in satisfaction of any judgment in any such claim, action, suit, or proceeding against him or her, provided he or she shall give the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own behalf. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such persons may be entitled under the Company s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, by contract, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or under any power that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless. 
 
 SECTION 4. GENERAL . 
 (a) General Eligibility. Only Employees, Directors, Non-Employee Directors and Consultants shall be eligible for designation as Key Employees by the Committee, in its sole discretion. 
 (b) Incentive Stock Options. Only Key Employees who are common-law employees of the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary shall be eligible for the grant of ISOs. In addition, a Key Employee who is a 10-Percent Shareholder shall not be eligible for the grant of an ISO unless the requirements set forth in Section 422(c)(5) of the Code are satisfied. 
 (c) Restrictions on Shares. Any Shares issued pursuant to an Award shall be subject to such rights of repurchase, rights of first refusal and other transfer restrictions as the Committee may determine, in its sole discretion. Such restrictions shall apply in addition to any restrictions that may apply to holders of Shares generally and shall also comply to the extent necessary with applicable law. In no event shall the Company be required to issue fractional Shares under this Plan. 
 (d) Beneficiaries. Unless stated otherwise in an Award agreement, a Participant may designate one or more beneficiaries with respect to an Award by timely filing the prescribed form with the Company. A beneficiary designation may be changed by filing the prescribed form with the Company at any time before the Participant s death. If no beneficiary was designated or if no designated beneficiary survives the Participant, then after a Participant s death any vested Award(s) shall be transferred or distributed to the Participant s estate. 
 (e) Performance Conditions. The Committee may, in its discretion, include Performance Goals in an Award or grant an Award upon the satisfaction of Performance Goals. 
 (f) No Rights as a Shareholder. A Participant, or a transferee of a Participant, shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any Common Stock covered by an Award until such person has satisfied all of the terms and conditions to receive such Common Stock, has satisfied any applicable withholding or tax obligations relating to the Award and the Shares have been issued (as evidenced by an appropriate entry on the books of the Company or a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). 
 (g) Termination of Service. Unless the applicable Award agreement or, with respect to Participants who reside in the U.S., the applicable employment agreement provides otherwise, the following rules shall govern the vesting, exercisability and term of outstanding Awards held by a Participant in the event of termination of such Participant s Service (in all cases subject to the expiration term of the Option or SAR as applicable) (i) upon termination of Service for any reason, all unvested portions of any outstanding Awards shall be immediately forfeited without consideration and the vested portions of any outstanding Stock Units shall be settled upon 
 5 

termination (ii) if the Service of a Participant is terminated for Cause, then all unexercised Options and SARs, unvested portions of Stock Units and unvested portions of Stock Grants shall terminate and be forfeited immediately without consideration (iii) if the Service of a Participant is terminated for any reason other than for Cause, death, or Disability, then the vested portion of his or her then-outstanding Options and or SARs may be exercised by such Participant or his or her personal representative within three months after the date of such termination or (iv) if the Service of a Participant is terminated due to death or Disability, the vested portion of his or her then-outstanding Options and or SARs may be exercised within eighteen months after the date of termination of Service. 
 (h) Director Fees. Each Non-Employee Director may elect to receive a Stock Grant or Stock Unit under the Plan in lieu of payment of a portion of his or her regular annual retainer, additional retainer paid in connection with service on any committee of the Board, or other cash fees based on the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date any such retainers or cash fees would otherwise be paid. Such an election may be for any dollar or percentage amount specified by the Company (up to a limit of 100 of the Non-Employee Director s retainers or cash fees). The election must be made prior to the beginning of the annual board of directors cycle which shall be any twelve month continuous period designated by the Board. Any amount of the retainers or cash fees that is not elected to be received as a Stock Grant or Stock Unit shall be payable in cash in accordance with the Company s standard payment procedures. Shares granted under this Section 4(h) shall otherwise be subject to the terms of the Plan applicable to Non-Employee Directors or to Participants generally (other than provisions specifically applying only to Employees). 
 (i) Dividends and Dividend Equivalents. No dividends may be paid to a Participant with respect to an Award prior to the vesting of such Award. An Award other than Option or SAR may provide for dividends or dividend equivalents to accrue on behalf of a Participant as of each dividend payment date during the period between the date the Award is granted and the date the Award is exercised, vested, expired, credited or paid, and to be converted to vested cash or Shares at the same time and in all events subject to the same restrictions and risk of forfeiture to the same extent as the Award with respect to which such dividend or dividend equivalents have been credited and shall not be paid until and unless the underlying Award vests. For the avoidance of doubt, no dividend or dividend equivalent rights shall be granted with respect to Options or SARs. 
 
 SECTION 5. SHARES SUBJECT TO PLAN AND SHARE LIMITS . 
 (a) Basic Limitations. The stock issuable under the Plan shall be authorized but unissued Shares. The aggregate number of Shares reserved for Awards under the Plan shall not exceed 789,975,000 Shares, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11. Shares issued as Stock Grants, pursuant to Stock Units or pursuant to the settlement of dividend equivalents will count against the Shares available for issuance under the Plan as 1.5 Shares for every 1 Share issued in connection with the Award or dividend equivalent. 
 (b) Additional Shares. If Awards are forfeited or are terminated for any other reason before being exercised or settled, then the Shares underlying such Awards, plus the number of additional Shares, if any, that counted against Shares available for issuance under the Plan in respect thereof at the time of Grant, shall again become available for Awards under the Plan. If a Previous Plan Award is forfeited or is terminated for any other reason before being exercised or settled, then the Shares underlying such Previous Plan Award shall again become available for Awards under this Plan. SARs shall be counted in full against the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan, regardless of the number of Shares issued upon settlement of the SARs. In the event that withholding tax liabilities arising from an Award other than an Option or SAR are satisfied by the withholding of Shares by the Company, then the Shares so withheld, plus the number of additional Shares, if any, that counted against Shares available for issuance under the Plan in respect thereof at the time of Grant, shall again become available for Awards under the Plan. In the event that withholding tax liabilities arising from an Option or SAR are satisfied by the withholding of Shares by the Company, then the Shares so withheld shall not be added to the Shares available for Awards under the Plan. In addition, Shares that are exchanged by a Participant or withheld by the Company as full or partial payment in connection with the exercise or settlement of an Option or SAR shall not be available for subsequent Awards under the Plan and Shares repurchased on the open market with the proceeds of an Option exercise shall not again be made available for issuance under the Plan. 
 (c) Dividend Equivalents. Any dividend equivalents settled in Shares under the Plan shall be applied against the number of Shares available for Awards. 
 (d) Share Limits. 
 6 

(i) Limits on Options . Subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11, no Key Employee shall receive Options to purchase Shares during any Fiscal Year covering in excess of 5,000,000 Shares and the aggregate maximum number of Shares that may be issued in connection with ISOs shall be 789,975,000 Shares. 
 (ii) Limits on SARs . Subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11, no Key Employee shall receive Awards of SARs during any Fiscal Year covering in excess of 5,000,000 Shares and the aggregate maximum number of Shares that may be issued in connection with SARs shall be 789,975,000 Shares. 
 (iii) Limits on Stock Grants and Stock Units . Subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11, no Key Employee shall receive Stock Grants or Stock Units during any Fiscal Year covering, in the aggregate, in excess of 5,000,000 Shares. 
 (iv) Limits on Awards to Non-Employee Directors . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, the maximum value of Awards granted under the Plan during a Fiscal Year to a Non-Employee Director for services on the Board, taken together with any cash fees paid by the Company to such Non-Employee Director during such Fiscal Year for services on the Board, shall not exceed 800,000 in total value (calculating the value of any such Awards based on the grant date fair value of such Awards under applicable financial accounting standards), including for this purpose the value of any Awards that are received in lieu of payment of all or a portion of his or her regular annual retainer, additional retainer paid in connection with service on any committee of the Board, or other cash fees (such as Awards received pursuant to an election under Section 4(h)). For the avoidance of doubt, neither Awards granted or compensation paid to a Non-Employee Director for services as an Employee or Consultant nor any amounts paid to a Non-Employee Director as a reimbursement of an expense shall count against the foregoing limitation. 
 
 SECTION 6. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS . 
 (a) Stock Option Agreement. Each Grant of an Option under the Plan shall be evidenced and governed exclusively by a Stock Option Agreement between the Optionee and the Company. Such Option shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions that are not inconsistent with the Plan and that the Committee deems appropriate for inclusion in a Stock Option Agreement (including without limitation any performance conditions). The provisions of the various Stock Option Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. The Stock Option Agreement shall also specify whether the Option is an ISO or an NSO. 
 (b) Number of Shares. Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the number of Shares that are subject to the Option and shall be subject to adjustment of such number in accordance with Section 11. 
 (c) Exercise Price. An Option s Exercise Price shall be established by the Committee and set forth in a Stock Option Agreement. The Exercise Price of an Option shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value (110 for ISO grants to 10-Percent Shareholders) on the date of Grant. 
 (d) Exercisability and Term. Each Stock Option Agreement shall specify the date when all or any installment of the Option is to become exercisable. The Stock Option Agreement shall also specify the term of the Option provided that the term of an Option shall in no event exceed ten years from the date of Grant. Unless the applicable Stock Option Agreement provides otherwise, each Option shall vest and become exercisable with respect to 20 of the Shares subject to the Option upon completion of one year of Service measured from the vesting commencement date, the balance of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest and become exercisable in forty-eight equal installments upon completion of each month of Service thereafter, and the term of the Option shall be ten years from the date of Grant. A Stock Option Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting in the event of the Participant s death, Disability, or other events. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, no Option can be exercised after the expiration date provided in the applicable Stock Option Agreement and no Option may provide that, upon exercise of the Option, a new Option will automatically be granted. 
 (e) Modifications or Assumption of Options. Within the limitations of the Plan, the Committee may modify, extend or assume outstanding options or may accept the cancellation of outstanding options (whether granted by the Company or by another issuer) in return for the grant of new Options for the same or a different number of Shares, at the same or a different Exercise Price, and with the same or different vesting provisions. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence or anything to the contrary herein, the Committee may not Re-Price outstanding Options unless there is approval by the Company shareholders and, unless a modification is necessary or desirable to comply with any applicable law, regulation or rule, such modification of an Option shall not, without the consent of the Optionee, impair his or her rights or obligations under such Option. 
 7 

(f) Assignment or Transfer of Options. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Option Agreement and then only to the extent permitted by applicable law, no Option shall be transferable by the Optionee other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event may an Option be transferred for value and any Option transferred in accordance with a Stock Option Agreement, if permitted, shall continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the Option immediately before the transfer. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Stock Option Agreement, an Option may be exercised during the lifetime of the Optionee only by the Optionee or by the guardian or legal representative of the Optionee. No Option or interest therein may be assigned, pledged or hypothecated by the Optionee during his or her lifetime, whether by operation of law or otherwise, or be made subject to execution, attachment or similar process. 
 
 SECTION 7. PAYMENT FOR OPTION SHARES . 
 The entire Exercise Price of Shares issued upon exercise of Options shall be payable in cash at the time when such Shares are purchased, except as follows and if so provided for in an applicable Stock Option Agreement 
 (i) Surrender of Stock. Payment for all or any part of the Exercise Price or Options may be made with Shares which have already been owned by the Optionee provided that the Committee may, in its sole discretion, require that Shares tendered for payment be previously held by the Optionee for a minimum duration. Such Shares shall be valued at their Fair Market Value. 
 (ii) Cashless Exercise. Payment for all or any part of the Exercise Price may be made through Cashless Exercise at the Committee's sole discretion. 
 (iii) Other Forms of Payment. Payment for all or any part of the Exercise Price may be made in any other form that is consistent with applicable laws, regulations and rules and approved by the Committee. 
 In the case of an ISO granted under the Plan, payment shall be made only pursuant to the express provisions of the applicable Stock Option Agreement. The Stock Option Agreement may specify that payment may be made in any form(s) described in this 
 Section 7. In the case of an NSO granted under the Plan, the Committee may, in its discretion at any time, accept payment in any form(s) described in this Section 7. 
 
 SECTION 8. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS . 
 (a) SAR Agreement. Each Grant of a SAR under the Plan shall be evidenced and governed exclusively by a SAR Agreement between the Participant and the Company. Such SAR shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions that are not inconsistent with the Plan and that the Committee deems appropriate for inclusion in a SAR Agreement (including without limitation any performance conditions). A SAR Agreement may provide for a maximum limit on the amount of any payout notwithstanding the Fair Market Value on the date of exercise of the SAR. The provisions of the various SAR Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. SARs may be granted in consideration of a reduction in the Participant s compensation. 
 (b) Number of Shares. Each SAR Agreement shall specify the number of Shares to which the SAR pertains and shall be subject to adjustment of such number in accordance with Section 11. 
 (c) Exercise Price. Each SAR Agreement shall specify the Exercise Price which shall be established by the Committee. The Exercise Price of a SAR shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value on the date of Grant. 
 (d) Exercisability and Term. Each SAR Agreement shall specify the date when all or any installment of the SAR is to become exercisable. The SAR Agreement shall also specify the term of the SAR which shall not exceed ten years from the date of Grant. Unless the applicable SAR Agreement provides otherwise, each SAR shall vest and become exercisable with respect to 20 of the Shares subject to the SAR upon completion of one year of Service measured from the vesting commencement date, the balance of the Shares subject to the SAR shall vest and become exercisable in forty-eight equal installments upon completion of each month of Service thereafter, and the term of the SAR shall be ten years from the date of Grant. A SAR Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting in the event of the Participant s death, Disability, or other events. SARs may be awarded in combination with Options or Stock Grants, and such an Award shall provide that the SARs will not be exercisable unless the related Options or Stock Grants are forfeited. A SAR may be included in an ISO only at the time of Grant but may be included in an NSO at the time of Grant or at any subsequent time, but not later 
 8 

than six months before the expiration of such NSO. No SAR may provide that, upon exercise of the SAR, a new SAR will automatically be granted. 
 (e) Exercise of SARs. If, on the date when a SAR expires, the Exercise Price under such SAR is less than the Fair Market Value on such date but any portion of such SAR has not been exercised or surrendered, then such SAR shall automatically be deemed to be exercised as of such date with respect to such portion. Upon exercise of a SAR, the Participant (or any person having the right to exercise the SAR) shall receive from the Company (i) Shares, (ii) cash or (iii) any combination of Shares and cash, as the Committee shall determine at the time of Grant of the SAR, in its sole discretion. The amount of cash and or the Fair Market Value of Shares received upon exercise of SARs shall, in the aggregate, be equal to the amount by which the Fair Market Value (on the date of exercise) of the Shares subject to the SARs exceeds the Exercise Price of those Shares. 
 (f) Modification or Assumption of SARs. Within the limitations of the Plan, the Committee may modify, extend or assume outstanding stock appreciation rights or may accept the cancellation of outstanding stock appreciation rights (including stock appreciation rights granted by another issuer) in return for the grant of new SARs for the same or a different number of Shares, at the same or a different Exercise Price, and with the same or different vesting provisions. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence or anything to the contrary herein, the Committee may not Re-Price outstanding SARs unless there is approval by the Company shareholders and, unless a modification is necessary or desirable to comply with any applicable law, regulation or rule, such modification of a SAR shall not, without the consent of the Participant, impair his or her rights or obligations under such SAR. 
 (g) Assignment or Transfer of SARs. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable SAR Agreement and then only to the extent permitted by applicable law, no SAR shall be transferable by the Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. For the avoidance of doubt, in no event may a SAR be transferred for value and any SAR transferred in accordance with a SAR Agreement, if permitted, shall continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the SAR immediately before the transfer. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable SAR Agreement, a SAR may be exercised during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant or by the guardian or legal representative of the Participant. No SAR or interest therein may be assigned, pledged or hypothecated by the Participant during his or her lifetime, whether by operation of law or otherwise, or be made subject to execution, attachment or similar process. 
 
 SECTION 9. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR STOCK GRANTS . 
 (a) Amount and Form of Awards. Awards under this Section 9 may be granted in the form of a Stock Grant. Each Stock Grant Agreement shall specify the number of Shares to which the Stock Grant pertains and shall be subject to adjustment of such number in accordance with Section 11. A Stock Grant may also be awarded in combination with NSOs, and such an Award may provide that the Stock Grant will be forfeited in the event that the related NSOs are exercised. 
 (b) Stock Grant Agreement. Each Stock Grant awarded under the Plan shall be evidenced and governed exclusively by a Stock Grant Agreement between the Participant and the Company. Each Stock Grant shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions that are not inconsistent with the Plan and that the Committee deems appropriate for inclusion in the applicable Stock Grant Agreement (including without limitation any performance conditions). The provisions of the various Stock Grant Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. 
 (c) Payment for Stock Grants. Stock Grants may be issued with or without cash consideration or any other form of legally permissible consideration approved by the Committee. 
 (d) Vesting Conditions. Each Stock Grant may or may not be subject to vesting. Any such vesting provision may provide that Shares shall vest based on Service over time or shall vest, in full or in installments, upon satisfaction of performance conditions specified in the Stock Grant Agreement which may include Performance Goals pursuant to Section 4(e). Unless the applicable Stock Grant Agreement provides otherwise, each Stock Grant shall vest with respect to 20 of the Shares subject to the Stock Grant upon completion of each year of Service on each of the first through fifth annual anniversaries of the vesting commencement date. A Stock Grant Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting in the event of the Participant s death, Disability, or other events. 
 (e) Assignment or Transfer of Stock Grants. Except as provided in the applicable Stock Grant Agreement, and then only to the extent permitted by applicable law, a Stock Grant awarded under the Plan shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, 
 9 

whether voluntarily, involuntarily or by operation of law. Any act in violation of this Section 9(e) shall be void. However, this Section 9(e) shall not preclude a Participant from designating a beneficiary who will receive any vested outstanding Stock Grant Awards in the event of the Participant s death, nor shall it preclude a transfer of vested Stock Grant Awards by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
 (f) Voting and Dividend Rights. Subject to Section 4(i), the holder of a Stock Grant awarded under the Plan shall have the same voting, dividend and other rights as the Company s other shareholders, except that in the case of any unvested Shares that are subject to the Stock Grant, the holder shall not be entitled to any dividends and other distributions paid or distributed by the Company on the equivalent number of vested Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at the Committee s discretion, the holder of unvested Shares may be credited with such dividends and other distributions, provided that such dividends and other distributions shall be paid or distributed to the Participant only if, when and to the extent such Shares vest. The value of dividends and other distributions payable or distributable with respect to any Shares that do not vest shall be forfeited. For the avoidance of doubt, other than with respect to the right to receive dividends and other distributions, the holders of unvested Shares shall have the same voting rights and other rights as the Company s other shareholders in respect of such unvested Shares. 
 (g) Modification or Assumption of Stock Grants. Within the limitations of the Plan, the Committee may modify or assume outstanding stock grants or may accept the cancellation of outstanding stock grants (including stock granted by another issuer) in return for the grant of new Stock Grants for the same or a different number of Shares and with the same or different vesting provisions. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence or anything to the contrary herein, the Committee may not modify an outstanding Stock Grant such that the modification shall, without the consent of the Participant, impair his or her rights or obligations under such Stock Grant, unless such modification is necessary or desirable to comply with any applicable law, regulation or rule. 
 
 SECTION 10. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF STOCK UNITS . 
 (a) Stock Unit Agreement. Each grant of Stock Units under the Plan shall be evidenced and governed exclusively by a Stock Unit Agreement between the Participant and the Company. Such Stock Units shall be subject to all applicable terms and conditions of the Plan and may be subject to any other terms and conditions that are not inconsistent with the Plan and that the Committee deems appropriate for inclusion in the applicable Stock Unit Agreement (including without limitation any performance conditions). The provisions of the various Stock Unit Agreements entered into under the Plan need not be identical. Stock Units may be granted in consideration of a reduction in the Participant s other compensation. 
 (b) Number of Shares. Each Stock Unit Agreement shall specify the number of Shares to which the Stock Unit Grant pertains and shall be subject to adjustment of such number in accordance with Section 11. 
 (c) Payment for Stock Units. Stock Units shall be issued without consideration. 
 (d) Vesting Conditions. Each Award of Stock Units may or may not be subject to vesting. Any such vesting provision may provide that Shares shall vest based on Service over time or shall vest, in full or in installments, upon satisfaction of performance conditions specified in the Stock Unit Agreement which may include Performance Goals pursuant to Section 4(e). Unless the applicable Stock Unit Agreement provides otherwise, each Stock Unit shall vest with respect to 20 of the Shares subject to the Stock Unit upon completion of each year of Service on each of the first through fifth annual anniversaries of the vesting commencement date. A Stock Unit Agreement may provide for accelerated vesting in the event of the Participant s death, Disability, or other events. 
 (e) Voting and Dividend Rights. The holders of Stock Units shall have no voting rights. Prior to settlement or forfeiture, any Stock Unit awarded under the Plan may, at the Committee s discretion and subject to Section 4(i), carry with it a right to dividend equivalents. Such right entitles the holder to be credited with an amount equal to all dividends and other distributions (whether in cash or other property) paid on one Share while the Stock Unit is outstanding. Dividend equivalents may be converted into additional Stock Units. Settlement of dividend equivalents may be made in the form of cash, in the form of Shares, or in a combination of both. Dividend equivalents shall not be distributed prior to settlement of the Stock Unit to which the dividend equivalents pertain. Prior to distribution, any dividend equivalents shall be subject to the same conditions and restrictions (including, without limitation, any forfeiture conditions) as the Stock Units to which they attach. The value of dividend equivalents payable or distributable with respect to Stock Units that do not vest shall be forfeited. 
 10 

(f) Form and Time of Settlement of Stock Units. Settlement of vested Stock Units may be made in the form of (a) cash, (b) Shares or (c) any combination of both, as determined by the Committee at the time of the grant of the Stock Units, in its sole discretion. Methods of converting Stock Units into cash may include (without limitation) a method based on the average Fair Market Value of Shares over a series of trading days. Vested Stock Units may be settled in a lump sum or in installments. The distribution may occur or commence when the vesting conditions applicable to the Stock Units have been satisfied or have lapsed, or it may be deferred, in accordance with applicable law, to any later date. The amount of a deferred distribution may be increased by an interest factor or by dividend equivalents. Until an Award of Stock Units is settled, the number of such Stock Units shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 11. 
 (g) Creditors Rights. A holder of Stock Units shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Stock Unit Agreement. 
 (h) Modification or Assumption of Stock Units. Within the limitations of the Plan, the Committee may modify or assume outstanding stock units or may accept the cancellation of outstanding stock units (including stock units granted by another issuer) in return for the grant of new Stock Units for the same or a different number of Shares and with the same or different vesting provisions. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence or anything to the contrary herein, the Committee may not modify an outstanding Stock Unit such that the modification shall, without the consent of the Participant, impair his or her rights or obligations under such Stock Unit, unless such modification is necessary or desirable to comply with any applicable law, regulation or rule. 
 (i) Assignment or Transfer of Stock Units. Except as provided in the applicable Stock Unit Agreement, and then only to the extent permitted by applicable law, Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily, involuntarily or by operation of law. Any act in violation of this Section 10(i) shall be void. However, this Section 10(i) shall not preclude a Participant from designating a beneficiary who will receive any outstanding vested Stock Units in the event of the Participant s death, nor shall it preclude a transfer of vested Stock Units by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
 
 SECTION 11. PROTECTION AGAINST DILUTION . 
 (a) Adjustments. In the event of a subdivision of the outstanding Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in a form other than Shares in an amount that has a material effect on the price of Shares, a combination or consolidation of the outstanding Shares (by reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of Shares, a recapitalization, a spin-off or a similar occurrence, the Committee shall make appropriate adjustments to the following 
 (i) the number of Shares and the kind of shares or securities available for future Awards under Section 5 
 (ii) the limits on Awards specified in Section 5 
 (iii) the number of Shares and the kind of shares or securities covered by each outstanding Award or 
 (iv) the Exercise Price under each outstanding SAR or Option. 
 (b) Participant Rights. Except as provided in this Section 11, a Participant shall have no rights by reason of any issue by the Company of stock of any class or securities convertible into stock of any class, any subdivision or consolidation of shares of stock of any class, the payment of any stock dividend or any other increase or decrease in the number of shares of stock of any class. If by reason of an adjustment pursuant to this Section 11 a Participant s Award covers additional or different shares of stock or securities, then such additional or different shares and the Award in respect thereof shall be subject to all of the terms, conditions and restrictions which were applicable to the Award and the Shares subject to the Award prior to such adjustment. 
 (c) Fractional Shares. Any adjustment of Shares pursuant to this Section 11 shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of Shares. Under no circumstances shall the Company be required to authorize or issue fractional shares and no consideration shall be provided as a result of any fractional shares not being issued or authorized. 
 11 

SECTION 12. EFFECT OF A CORPORATE TRANSACTION . 
 (a) Corporate Transaction. In the event that the Company is a party to a Corporate Transaction, outstanding Awards shall be subject to the applicable agreement of merger, reorganization, or sale of assets. Such agreement may provide, without limitation, for the assumption or substitution of outstanding Options, SARs, or Stock Units by the surviving corporation or its parent, for the assumption of outstanding Stock Grant Agreements by the surviving corporation or its parent, for the replacement of outstanding Options, SARs, and Stock Units with a cash incentive program of the surviving corporation which preserves the spread existing on the unvested portions of such outstanding Awards at the time of the transaction and provides for subsequent payout in accordance with the same vesting provisions applicable to those Awards, for accelerated vesting of outstanding Awards, or for the cancellation of outstanding Options, SARs, and Stock Units, with or without consideration, in all cases without the consent of the Participant. 
 (b) Acceleration. The Committee may determine, at the time of grant of an Award or thereafter, that such Award shall become fully vested as to all Shares subject to such Award in the event that a Corporate Transaction or a Change in Control occurs. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award agreement, in the event that a Corporate Transaction occurs and any outstanding Options, SARs or Stock Units are not assumed, substituted, or replaced with a cash incentive program pursuant to Section 12(a) or any outstanding Stock Grant Agreements are not assumed pursuant to Section 12(a), then such Awards shall fully vest and be fully exercisable immediately prior to such Corporate Transaction. Immediately following the consummation of a Corporate Transaction, all outstanding Options, SARs and Stock Units shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except to the extent that they are assumed by the surviving corporation or its parent. 
 (c) Dissolution. To the extent not previously exercised or settled, Options, SARs and Stock Units shall terminate immediately prior to the dissolution or liquidation of the Company. 
 
 SECTION 13. LIMITATIONS ON RIGHTS . 
 (a) No Entitlements. A Participant s rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with any Award is derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit the individual to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. By accepting an Award under the Plan, a Participant expressly acknowledges that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Awards. Any Award granted hereunder is not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of a Participant s normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of a Participant s salary, compensation, or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 
 Neither the Plan nor any Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give any individual a right to remain an employee, consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Company and its Parents and Subsidiaries and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate the Service of any person at any time, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and a written employment agreement (if any), and such terminated person shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan or any outstanding Award that is forfeited and or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. 
 (b) Shareholders Rights. A Participant shall have no dividend rights, voting rights or other rights as a shareholder with respect to any Shares covered by his or her Award prior to the issuance of such Shares (as evidenced by an appropriate entry on the books of the Company or a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). No adjustment shall be made for cash dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date when such Shares are issued, except as expressly provided in Section 11. 
 (c) Regulatory Requirements. Any other provision of the Plan notwithstanding, the obligation of the Company to issue Shares or other securities under the Plan shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations and such approval by any regulatory body as may be required. The Company reserves the right to restrict, in whole or in part, the delivery of Shares or other securities pursuant to any Award prior to the satisfaction of all legal requirements relating to the issuance of such Shares or other securities, to their registration, qualification or listing or to an exemption from registration, qualification or listing. 
 
 12 

SECTION 14. WITHHOLDING TAXES . 
 (a) General. A Participant shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any withholding tax obligations that arise in connection with his or her Award. The Company shall not be required to issue any Shares or make any cash payment under the Plan until such obligations are satisfied. 
 (b) Share Withholding. If a public market for the Company s Shares exists, the Committee may permit a Participant to satisfy all or part of his or her withholding or income tax obligations by having the Company withhold all or a portion of any Shares that otherwise would be issued to him or her or by surrendering or attesting to all or a portion of any Shares that he or she previously acquired. Such Shares shall be valued based on the value of the actual trade or, if there is none, the Fair Market Value as of the previous day. Any payment of taxes by assigning Shares to the Company may be subject to restrictions, including, but not limited to, any restrictions required by rules of the SEC. The Committee may, in its discretion, also permit a Participant to satisfy withholding or income tax obligations related to an Award through Cashless Exercise or through a sale of Shares underlying the Award. 
 
 SECTION 15. DURATION AND AMENDMENTS . 
 (a) Term of the Plan. To the extent the Board approves an amendment to the Plan that requires shareholder approval, the amendment to the Plan shall become effective upon its approval by Company shareholders. The Plan shall terminate at the Company s 2030 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and may be terminated on any earlier date pursuant to this Section 15. 
 (b) Right to Amend or Terminate the Plan. The Board may amend or terminate the Plan at any time and for any reason. The termination of the Plan, or any amendment thereof, shall not impair the rights or obligations of any Participant under any Award previously granted under the Plan without the Participant s consent, unless such modification is necessary or desirable to comply with any applicable law, regulation or rule. No Awards shall be granted under the Plan after the Plan s termination. An amendment of the Plan shall be subject to the approval of the Company s shareholders only to the extent such approval is otherwise required by applicable laws, regulations or rules. 

13 

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 NOTICE OF GRANT OF STOCK OPTION 
 Notice is hereby given of the following option grant (the Option made to purchase shares of Cisco Systems, Inc. (the Company common stock 
 Optionee Grant Date Type of Option Nonstatutory Stock Option 
 Grant Number Number of Option Shares shares Exercise Price per share First Vest Date Expiration Date 
 Exercise Schedule . So long as Optionee s Service continues, the Option shall vest and become exercisable with respect to (i) ______ (__ of the option shares, as set forth above (the Option Shares on the First Vest Date as set forth above and (ii) the balance of the Option Shares in ________________ installments upon Optionee s completion of each additional _______ of Service over the _____________ period measured from the First Vest Date. In no event shall the Option vest and become exercisable for any additional Option Shares after Optionee s cessation of Service. 
 Should Optionee request a reduction to his or her work commitment to less than thirty (30) hours per week, then the Company shall have the right to extend the period over which the Option shall thereafter vest and become exercisable for the Option Shares during the remainder of the Option term to the extent permitted under local law. In no event shall any extension of the exercise schedule, as set forth above Exercise Schedule for the Option Shares result in the extension of the expiration date, as set forth above, Expiration Date of the Option. 
 Optionee understands and agrees that the Option is offered subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Optionee further agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and the terms of the Option as set forth in the Stock Option Agreement (the Agreement attached hereto. 
 No Employment or Service Contract . Nothing in this Notice or in the attached Agreement or in the Plan shall confer upon Optionee any right to continue in Service for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate employing or retaining Optionee) or of Optionee, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate Optionee s Service at any time for any reason, with or without cause to the extent permissible under local law. 
 Definitions . All capitalized terms in this Notice shall have the meaning assigned to them in this Notice, the attached Agreement or the Plan. 

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 Recitals 
 A. The Board has adopted the Plan for the purpose of retaining the services of selected Employees, non-employee members of the Board and Consultants. 
 B. Optionee is to render valuable services to the Company (or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), and this Agreement is executed pursuant to, and is intended to carry out the purposes of, the Plan in connection with the Company s grant of an option to Optionee. 
 C. All capitalized terms in this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to them in this Agreement, the attached Notice of Grant of Stock Option (the Notice ), or the Plan. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and exercise of this Option and Optionee s receipt of any Option Shares or any related benefit thereunder, it is hereby agreed as follows 
 1. Grant of Option . The Company hereby grants to Optionee, and Optionee hereby accepts from the Company, as of the grant date, as set forth in the Notice, (the Grant Date an option to purchase up to the number of Option Shares specified in the Notice. By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) this Option, or by otherwise receiving this Option, Option Shares, or any benefit 

relating thereto, the Optionee acknowledges that this Option and any Option Shares issued hereunder and the Optionee s participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and the Optionee agrees to such terms and conditions. The Option Shares shall be purchasable from time to time during the Option term specified in Paragraph 2 at the Exercise Price specified in the Notice . 
 2. Option Term . This Option shall have a maximum term of __________ years not to exceed (10) years measured from the Grant Date and shall accordingly expire at the close of business on the Expiration Date, unless sooner terminated in accordance with Paragraph 4, 5 or 6. 
 3. Non-Transferability . This Option shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, should the Optionee die while holding this Option, then this Option shall be transferred in accordance with Optionee s will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
 4. Dates of Exercise . This Option shall vest and become exercisable for the Option Shares in one or more installments as specified in the Notice. As the Option becomes exercisable for such installments, those installments shall accumulate and the Option shall remain exercisable for the accumulated installments until the Expiration Date or sooner termination of the Option term under Paragraph 5 or 6. As an administrative matter, the exercisable portion of this Option may only be exercised until the close of the Nasdaq Global Select Market on the Expiration Date or the earlier termination date under Paragraph 5 or 6 or, if such date is not a trading day on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the last trading day before such date. Any later attempt to exercise this Option will not be honored. For example, if Optionee ceases to remain in Service as provided in Paragraph 5(i) and the date three (3) months from the date of cessation is Monday, July 4 (a holiday on which the Nasdaq Global Select Market is closed), Optionee must exercise the exercisable portion of this Option by 4 00 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on Friday, July 1. 
 5. Cessation of Service . The Option term specified in Paragraph 2 shall terminate (and this Option shall cease to be outstanding) prior to the Expiration Date should any of the following provisions become applicable 
 (i) Should Optionee cease to remain in Service for any reason (other than death, Disability or Cause and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) while this Option is outstanding, then Optionee shall have a period of three (3) months (commencing with the date of such cessation of Service) during which to exercise this Option, but in no event shall this Option be exercisable at any time after the Expiration Date. 
 (ii) If Optionee dies while this Option is outstanding, then the Optionee s designated beneficiary or, if no beneficiary was designated or properly designated or, if no designated beneficiary survives the Optionee, the Optionee s estate (to the extent reasonably determinable) or other individual or entity entitled to receive the Option under applicable local law shall have the right to exercise this Option. Such right shall lapse, and this Option shall cease to be outstanding, upon the earlier of (A) the expiration of the eighteen (18) month period measured from the date of Optionee s death or (B) the Expiration Date. Optionee may only make a beneficiary designation with respect to this Option if the Company has approved a process or procedure for such beneficiary designation for the local jurisdiction within which Optionee performs services for the Company or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. If no such beneficiary designation process or procedure has been approved by the Company, then, in the event of Optionee s death, this Option may only be exercised by the Optionee s estate (to the extent reasonably determinable) or other individual or entity entitled to receive the Option under applicable local law. 
 (iii) Should Optionee cease Service by reason of Disability while this Option is outstanding, then Optionee shall have a period of eighteen (18) months (commencing with the date of such cessation of Service) during which to exercise this Option, but in no event shall this Option be exercisable at any time after the Expiration Date. 
 (iv) During the limited period of post-Service exercisability, this Option may not be exercised in the aggregate for more than the number of vested Option Shares for which the Option is exercisable at the date the Optionee ceases to actively provide Service (not extended by any notice period mandated under local law). Upon the expiration of such limited exercise period or (if earlier) upon the Expiration Date, this Option shall terminate and cease to be outstanding for any vested Option Shares for which the Option has not been exercised. However, this Option shall, immediately as of the date the Optionee ceases to actively provide Service for any reason, terminate and cease to be outstanding with respect to any Option Shares in which Optionee is not otherwise at that time vested or for which this Option is not otherwise at that time exercisable. 
 (v) Should Optionee s Service be terminated for Cause or should Optionee otherwise engage in activities constituting Cause while this Option is outstanding, then this Option shall terminate immediately and cease to remain outstanding. In the event Optionee s Service is suspended pending an investigation of whether Optionee s Service will be terminated for Cause, all Optionee s rights under the Option, including the right to exercise the Option, shall be suspended during the investigation period. 
 
 (vi) For purposes of this Paragraph 5, in the event of Optionee s cessation of Service for any reason (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where Optionee is employed or providing Service, or the terms of Optionee's employment or service agreement, if any), Optionee s right to receive additional options or to vest in the Option will end as of the 

date the Optionee is no longer actively providing Service and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law e.g ., active Service would not include any period of garden leave or similar period pursuant to local law) the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when an Optionee is no longer actively providing Service for purposes of this Option. 
 
 6. Special Acceleration of Option . 
 
 (a) This Option, to the extent outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction but not otherwise fully vested and exercisable, shall automatically accelerate so that this Option shall, immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, become vested and exercisable for all of the Option Shares at the time subject to this Option and may be exercised for any or all of those Option Shares as fully-vested Shares. No such acceleration of this Option, however, shall occur if and to the extent (i) this Option is, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with a comparable option to purchase shares of the capital stock of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) this Option is replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which preserves the spread existing on the unvested Option Shares at the time of the Corporate Transaction (the excess of the Fair Market Value of those Option Shares over the aggregate Exercise Price payable for such Shares) and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the same Exercise Schedule set forth in the Notice. The determination of option comparability under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 
 (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Option shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
 (c) If this Option is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of shares and the kind of shares or securities covered by the Option and the Exercise Price immediately after such Corporate Transaction, provided the aggregate Exercise Price shall remain the same. 
 (d) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate or sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 7. Adjustment in Option Shares . In the event of a subdivision of the outstanding Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in Shares, a declaration of a dividend payable in a form other than Shares in an amount that has a material effect on the price of Shares, a combination or consolidation of the outstanding Shares (by reclassification or otherwise) into a lesser number of Shares, a recapitalization, a spin-off or a similar occurrence, appropriate adjustments shall be made to (i) the total number and or kind of shares or securities subject to this Option and (ii) the Exercise Price in order to reflect such change and thereby preclude a dilution or enlargement of benefits hereunder. 
 8. Shareholder Rights . The holder of this Option shall not have any shareholder rights with respect to the Option Shares until such person shall have exercised the Option, paid the Exercise Price and become a holder of record of the purchased Shares. 
 
 9. Manner of Exercising Option . 
 
 (a) In order to exercise this Option with respect to all or any part of the Option Shares for which this Option is at the time exercisable, Optionee (or any other person or persons exercising the Option) must take the following actions 
 (i) Pay the aggregate Exercise Price for the purchased Shares in one or more of the following forms 
 (A) cash or check which, in the Company s sole discretion, shall be made payable to a Company-designated brokerage firm or the Company and 
 (B) as permitted by applicable law, through a special sale and remittance procedure pursuant to which Optionee (or any other person or persons exercising the Option) shall concurrently provide irrevocable written instructions (I) to a Company-designated brokerage firm (or in the case of an executive officer or Board member of the Company, an Optionee-designated brokerage firm) to effect the immediate sale of the purchased Shares and remit to the Company, out of the sale proceeds available on the settlement date, sufficient funds to cover the aggregate Exercise Price payable for the purchased Shares plus, if applicable, the amount necessary to satisfy any Tax-Related Items (as defined in Paragraph 10 of this Agreement) and (II) to the Company to deliver the purchased Shares directly to such brokerage firm in order to complete the sale transaction. 
 (ii) Furnish to the Company appropriate documentation that the person or persons exercising the Option (if other than Optionee) have the right to exercise this Option. 
 (iii) Make appropriate arrangements with the Company (or a Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate employing or retaining Optionee) for the satisfaction of all withholding or other obligations related to Tax-Related Items applicable to the Option grant, vesting, exercise or the sale of Shares, as applicable. 

(b) As soon as practical after the exercise date, the Company shall issue to or on behalf of Optionee (or any other person or persons exercising this Option) the purchased Option Shares, (as evidenced by an appropriate entry on the books of the Company or a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), subject to the appropriate legends and or stop transfer instructions. 
 (c) In no event may this Option be exercised for any fractional Shares. 
 (d) Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan, this Agreement or any other agreement to the contrary, if at the time this Option is exercised, Optionee is indebted to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) for any reason, the following actions shall be taken, as deemed appropriate by the Committee 
 (i) any Shares to be issued upon such exercise shall automatically be pledged against Optionee s outstanding indebtedness and 
 (ii) if this Option is exercised in accordance with subparagraph 9(a)(i)(B) above, the after tax proceeds of the sale of Optionee s Shares shall automatically be applied to the outstanding balance of Optionee s indebtedness. 
 10. Responsibility for Taxes . 
 (a) Regardless of any action taken by the Company or Optionee's employer (the Employer ), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to Optionee's participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Optionee Tax-Related Items is and remains Optionee's responsibility. Optionee further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Option, including the grant, vesting or exercise of the Option, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such exercise and the receipt of any dividends and (2) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Option to reduce or eliminate Optionee s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Optionee becomes subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction, Optionee acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (b) Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, and in order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Option, Optionee agrees to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable Tax-Related Items of the Company and or the Employer that arise in connection with the Option. In this regard, Optionee authorizes the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (1) withholding all applicable Tax-Related Items from Optionee s wages or other cash compensation paid to Optionee by the Company and or the Employer (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon exercise of the Option either through a voluntary sale (specifically including where this Option is exercised in accordance with subparagraph 9(a)(i)(B) above) or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Optionee s behalf pursuant to this authorization) or (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon exercise of the Option. 
 (c) Depending on the withholding method, the Company or Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, Optionee is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the Option, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. Optionee agrees to provide the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator with the information necessary to manage Optionee's Tax-Related Items withholding and acknowledges that should Optionee fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from Optionee and it may be necessary for Optionee to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities. 
 (d) Finally, Optionee must pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of Optionee s participation in the Plan or Optionee s purchase of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of the Shares if Optionee fails to comply with Optionee s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described in this Paragraph. 
 11. Tax and Legal Advice . Optionee represents, warrants and acknowledges that neither the Company nor Optionee s Employer have made any warranties or representations to Optionee with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and Optionee is in no manner relying on the Company, the Employer or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences. OPTIONEE UNDERSTANDS THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS OPTION ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. OPTIONEE SHOULD CONSULT OPTIONEE S PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING THIS OPTION. OPTIONEE UNDERSTANDS THAT THE COMPANY AND THE EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING OPTIONEE S ACCEPTANCE OF 

THIS OPTION. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES. 
 12. Compliance with Laws and Regulations . 
 (a) The exercise of this Option and the issuance of the Option Shares upon such exercise shall be subject to compliance by the Company and Optionee with all applicable laws, regulations and rules relating thereto, including all applicable regulations of any stock exchange (or the Nasdaq Global Select Market, if applicable) on which the Shares may be listed for trading at the time of such exercise and issuance and all applicable foreign laws. 
 (b) The inability of the Company to obtain approval from any regulatory body having authority deemed by the Company to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares pursuant to this Option shall relieve the Company of any liability with respect to the non-issuance or sale of the Shares as to which such approval shall not have been obtained. 
 13. Successors and Assigns . Except to the extent otherwise provided in Paragraphs 3, 5 and 6, the provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and its successors and assigns and Optionee, Optionee s assigns and the legal representatives, heirs and legatees of Optionee s estate. 
 14. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to the Optionee at the address maintained for the Optionee in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 
 15. Construction . The Notice, this Agreement, and the Option evidenced hereby (a) are made and granted pursuant to the Plan and are in all respects limited by and subject to the terms of the Plan, and (b) constitute the entire agreement between Optionee and the Company on the subject matter hereof and supersede all proposals, written or oral, and all other communications between the parties related to the subject matter. All decisions of the Committee with respect to any question or issue arising under the Notice, this Agreement or the Plan shall be conclusive and binding on all persons having an interest in this Option. The provisions of this Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
 16. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
 17. Excess Shares . If the Option Shares covered by this Agreement exceed, as of the Grant Date, the number of Shares which may without shareholder approval be issued under the Plan, then this Option shall be void with respect to those excess shares, unless shareholder approval of an amendment sufficiently increasing the number of Shares issuable under the Plan is obtained in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and all applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
 18. Further Instruments . The parties agree to execute such further instruments and to take such further action as may be reasonably necessary to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement. 
 19. Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) Optionee hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Optionee s personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Optionee s participation in the Plan. 
 (b) Optionee understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Optionee, including, but not limited to, Optionee s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all options or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Optionee s participation in the Plan. Optionee understands that Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in Optionee s country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Optionee s country. Optionee understands that Optionee may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of 

the Data by contacting Optionee s local human resources representative. Optionee authorizes the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing Optionee s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of the Option under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Options or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited. Furthermore, Optionee acknowledges and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for Optionee's participation in the Plan. 
 
 (c) Optionee understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Optionee s participation in the Plan. Optionee understands that Optionee may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting Optionee s local human resources representative in writing. Further, Optionee understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Optionee does not consent, or if Optionee later seeks to revoke consent, Optionee s employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing Optionee s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Options or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards. Optionee further acknowledges that withdrawal of consent may affect Optionee s ability to vest in or realize benefits from the Options, and Optionee s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Optionee s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Optionee understands that Optionee may contact Optionee s local human resources representative. 
 
 (d) The collection, use and transfer of Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing Optionee's participation in the Plan is conducted in accordance with the Company s Global HR Data Protection Policy. 

20. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . As a condition to, and in consideration of, the grant, vesting, and exercise of this Option, and in receiving the Option, Option Shares, or any benefit relating to the Option, Optionee acknowledges and agrees that 
 (a) Optionee s rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with this Option or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit Optionee to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement. By accepting this Option, Optionee expressly acknowledges that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Awards to Optionee or benefits in lieu of Options or any other Awards even if Options have been granted repeatedly in the past. All decisions with respect to future Option grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 
 (b) This Option and the Shares subject to the Option are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of Optionee s normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of Optionee s salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. The value of the Option and the Shares subject to the Option are an extraordinary item that do not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which are outside the scope of Optionee s written employment agreement (if any). 
 
 (c) Optionee is voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
 
 (d) Neither the Plan nor this Option or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give Optionee a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Employer reserves the right to terminate the Service of Optionee at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason. 
 
 (e) The grant of the Option and Optionee's participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
 
 (f) The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty. If the underlying Shares do not increase in value, the Option will have no value. If Optionee exercises the Option and obtains Shares, the value of the Shares acquired upon exercise may increase or decrease in value, even below the Exercise Price. Optionee also understands that neither the Company, nor the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between the Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Option. 
 
 (g) In consideration of the grant of the Option, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Option resulting from termination of Optionee s Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws). 
 
 (h) The Company may require Options granted hereunder be exercised with, and the Option Shares held by, a broker 

designated by the Company. 
 (i) Optionee s rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts the Optionee owes to the Company. 
 (j) The Option and the benefits under the Plan, if any, will not automatically transfer to another company in the case of a merger, take-over or transfer of liability. 
 21. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
 
 22. Waiver . Optionee agrees that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Optionee or any other participant. 
 23. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to Optionee s current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request Optionee s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Optionee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 
 24. Language . If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
 25. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Option shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for Optionee s country of residence. Moreover, if Optionee relocates to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to Optionee, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 26. Committee Policies . The Option shall be subject to any applicable special terms and conditions set forth in any applicable policy (and any amendments thereto) that the Committee (or a designee of the Committee) has adopted or will adopt in the future, including, but not limited to, any policy related to the vesting or transfer of equity awards. 
 27. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Optionee s participation in the Plan, on the Option and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. Optionee agrees to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, Optionee acknowledges that the laws of the country in which Optionee is working at the time of grant, vesting and exercise of the Option or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject Optionee to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that Optionee is and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
 28. Acceptance of Agreement . You may accept this Award either by (a) clicking on the I agree button below at any time before the First Vest Date or (b) doing nothing and your Award will be automatically accepted on your behalf on the First Vest Date. 
 
 By accepting your Award in accordance with Section 28 of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in September 2017) 
 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 STOCK GRANT AGREEMENT 
 This Stock Grant Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a __________ corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Grant Award are as follows 
 Employee ID Grant Date Grant Number Restricted Shares First Vest Date ,20________________ 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Stock Grant and your receipt of any Shares or any related benefit thereunder, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Shares . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby transfers to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, a Stock Grant Award consisting of the Restricted Shares, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the Stock Grant, or by otherwise receiving the Stock Grant, Shares, or any benefit relating thereto, you acknowledge that the Stock Grant and any Shares issued thereunder and your participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and you agree to such terms and conditions. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Shares . So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Shares shall vest in accordance with the following schedule ________________ , unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 3 below. In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason, all unvested Restricted Shares shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of facilitating the enforcement of the provisions of this Section 2, the Company may issue stop-transfer instructions on the Restricted Shares to the Company's transfer agent, or otherwise hold the Restricted Shares in escrow, until the Restricted Shares have vested and you have satisfied all applicable obligations with respect to the Restricted Shares, including any applicable tax withholding obligations set forth in Section 5 below. Any new, substituted or additional securities or other property which is issued or distributed with respect to the unvested Restricted Shares shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as are applicable to the unvested Restricted Shares under this Agreement and the Plan. 
 3. Special Acceleration. 
 (a) To the extent the Restricted Shares are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, but not otherwise fully vested, such Restricted Shares shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction and shall become vested in full at that time. No such acceleration, however, shall occur if and to the extent (i) this Stock Grant Agreement is, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof), or (ii) the Restricted Shares are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which preserves the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2 above. 
 (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Stock Grant Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
 (c) If this Stock Grant Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of shares and the kind of shares or securities covered by this Stock Grant Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
 (d) This Stock Grant Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 4. Restriction on Election to Recognize Income in the Year of Grant . Under Section 83 of the Code, the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares on the date the Restricted Shares vest will be taxable as ordinary income at that time. You understand, acknowledge and agree that, as a condition to the grant of this Award, you may not elect to be taxed at the time the Restricted Shares are acquired by filing an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service. 

5. Withholding Taxes . In order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Stock Grant, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable withholding tax obligations that arise in connection with the Restricted Shares which, at the sole discretion of the Company, may include (i) having the Company withhold Shares from the Restricted Shares held in escrow, or (ii) any other arrangement approved by the Company, in any case, equal in value to the amount necessary to satisfy any such withholding tax obligation. Such Shares shall be valued based on the Fair Market Value as of the day prior to the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined under applicable law. The Company shall not be required to release the Restricted Shares from the stop-transfer instructions or escrow unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
 6. Tax Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY STOCK GRANT AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
 7. Non-Transferability of Restricted Shares . Restricted Shares which have not vested pursuant to Section 2 above shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor's process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by the operation of law. However, this Section 7 shall not preclude you from designating a beneficiary who will receive any vested Restricted Shares in the event of your death, nor shall it preclude a transfer of vested Restricted Shares by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
 8. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Restricted Shares has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Restricted Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 
 9. Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends . Stock certificates evidencing the Restricted Shares may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 10. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Restricted Shares may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 11. Voting, Dividend and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall have all the rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company while the Restricted Shares are subject to stop-transfer instructions, or otherwise held in escrow, including the right to vote. To the extent any Restricted Shares have not vested pursuant to Section 2 above, no dividends or other distributions shall be accrued, paid or distributed to you. 
 12. Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of this Stock Grant Award under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to this Stock Grant Award or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (c) You understand that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able 

to grant you this Stock Grant Award or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from this Stock Grant Award and your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 (d) The collection, use and transfer of Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan is conducted in accordance with the Company s Global HR Data Protection Policy. 
 13. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . As a condition to, and in consideration of, the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Stock Grant, and in receiving the Stock Grant, Shares, or any benefit relating to the Stock Grant, you acknowledge and agree that 
 (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with this Stock Grant Award or any other Award is derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. By accepting this Stock Grant Award, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Awards to you. This Stock Grant Award is not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of your salary, compensation, or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 
 (b) Neither the Plan nor this Stock Grant Award or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Company and its Parents and Subsidiaries and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and a written employment agreement (if any), and you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan, this Stock Grant Award or any outstanding Award that is forfeited and or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. 
 (c) You agree that the Company may require that Restricted Shares be held by a broker designated by the Company. In addition, you agree that your rights hereunder shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
 14. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
 15. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company's principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company's records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 16. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 17. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
 18. Waiver . You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
 19. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 20. Committee Policies . This Stock Grant shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any applicable policy (and any amendments thereto) that the Committee (or a designee of the Committee) has adopted or will adopt in the future, including, but not limited to, any policy related to the vesting or transfer of equity awards. 
 21. Acceptance of Agreement . You may accept this Award either by (a) clicking on the I agree button below at any time before the First Vest Date or (b) doing nothing and your Award will be automatically accepted on your behalf on the First Vest Date. 
 
 By accepting your Award in accordance with Section 21 of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in June 2017 and 
 Prior to September 2017) 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 STOCK GRANT AGREEMENT 
 This Stock Grant Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Grant Award are as follows 
 Employee ID Grant Date Grant Number Restricted Shares First Vest Date ,20________________ 
 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Stock Grant and your receipt of any Shares or any related benefit thereunder, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Shares . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby transfers to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, a Stock Grant Award consisting of the Restricted Shares, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the Stock Grant, or by otherwise receiving the Stock Grant, Shares, or any benefit relating thereto, you acknowledge that the Stock Grant and any Shares issued thereunder and your participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and you agree to such terms and conditions. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Shares . So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Shares shall vest in accordance with the following schedule ___________ percent (___ of the total number of Restricted Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and on each annual anniversary thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 3 below. In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason, all unvested Restricted Shares shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of facilitating the enforcement of the provisions of this Section 2, the Company may issue stop-transfer instructions on the Restricted Shares to the Company's transfer agent, or otherwise hold the Restricted Shares in escrow, until the Restricted Shares have vested and you have satisfied all applicable obligations with respect to the Restricted Shares, including any applicable tax withholding obligations set forth in Section 5 below. Any new, substituted or additional securities or other property which is issued or distributed with respect to the unvested Restricted Shares shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as are applicable to the unvested Restricted Shares under this Agreement and the Plan. 
 3. Special Acceleration. 
 (a) To the extent the Restricted Shares are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, but not otherwise fully vested, such Restricted Shares shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction and shall become vested in full at that time. No such acceleration, however, shall occur if and to the extent (i) this Stock Grant Agreement is, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof), or (ii) the Restricted Shares are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which preserves the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2 above. 
 (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Stock Grant Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
 (c) If this Stock Grant Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of shares and the kind of shares or securities covered by this Stock Grant Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
 (d) This Stock Grant Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 4. Restriction on Election to Recognize Income in the Year of Grant . Under Section 83 of the Code, the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares on the date the Restricted Shares vest will be taxable as ordinary income at that time. You understand, acknowledge 

and agree that, as a condition to the grant of this Award, you may not elect to be taxed at the time the Restricted Shares are acquired by filing an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service. 
 5. Withholding Taxes . In order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Stock Grant, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable withholding tax obligations that arise in connection with the Restricted Shares which, at the sole discretion of the Company, may include (i) having the Company withhold Shares from the Restricted Shares held in escrow, or (ii) any other arrangement approved by the Company, in any case, equal in value to the amount necessary to satisfy any such withholding tax obligation. Such Shares shall be valued based on the Fair Market Value as of the day prior to the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined under applicable law. The Company shall not be required to release the Restricted Shares from the stop-transfer instructions or escrow unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
 6. Tax Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY STOCK GRANT AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
 7. Non-Transferability of Restricted Shares . Restricted Shares which have not vested pursuant to Section 2 above shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor's process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by the operation of law. However, this Section 7 shall not preclude you from designating a beneficiary who will receive any vested Restricted Shares in the event of your death, nor shall it preclude a transfer of vested Restricted Shares by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
 8. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Restricted Shares has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Restricted Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 
 9. Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends . Stock certificates evidencing the Restricted Shares may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 10. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Restricted Shares may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 11. Voting and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall have all the rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company while the Restricted Shares are subject to stop-transfer instructions, or otherwise held in escrow, including the right to vote and to receive dividends (if any). 
 12. Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of this Stock Grant Award under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to this Stock Grant Award or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (c) You understand that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer 

will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you this Stock Grant Award or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from this Stock Grant Award and your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 (d) The collection, use and transfer of Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan is conducted in accordance with the Company s Global HR Data Protection Policy. 
 13. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . As a condition to, and in consideration of, the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Stock Grant, and in receiving the Stock Grant, Shares, or any benefit relating to the Stock Grant, you acknowledge and agree that 
 (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with this Stock Grant Award or any other Award is derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. By accepting this Stock Grant Award, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Awards to you. This Stock Grant Award is not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of your salary, compensation, or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 
 (b) Neither the Plan nor this Stock Grant Award or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Company and its Parents and Subsidiaries and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and a written employment agreement (if any), and you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan, this Stock Grant Award or any outstanding Award that is forfeited and or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. 
 (c) You agree that the Company may require that Restricted Shares be held by a broker designated by the Company. In addition, you agree that your rights hereunder shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
 14. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
 15. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company's principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company's records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 16. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 17. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
 18. Waiver . You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
 19. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 20. Committee Policies . This Stock Grant shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any applicable policy (and any amendments thereto) that the Committee (or a designee of the Committee) has adopted or will adopt in the future, including, but not limited to, any policy related to the vesting or transfer of equity awards. 
 21. Acceptance of Agreement . You may accept this Award either by (a) clicking on the I agree button below at any time before the First Vest Date or (b) doing nothing and your Award will be automatically accepted on your behalf on the First Vest Date. 

By accepting your Award in accordance with Section 21 of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in July 2016 
 and Prior to June 2017) 
 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 STOCK GRANT AGREEMENT 
 This Stock Grant Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Grant Award are as follows 
 Employee ID Grant Date Grant Number Restricted Shares First Vest Date ________________,20______(the first annual anniversary of the vesting commencement date) 
 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Shares . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby transfers to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, a Stock Grant Award consisting of the Restricted Shares, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Shares . So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Shares shall vest in accordance with the following schedule ___________ percent (___ of the total number of Restricted Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and on each annual anniversary thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 3 below. In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason, all unvested Restricted Shares shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of facilitating the enforcement of the provisions of this Section 2, the Company may issue stop-transfer instructions on the Restricted Shares to the Company's transfer agent, or otherwise hold the Restricted Shares in escrow, until the Restricted Shares have vested and you have satisfied all applicable obligations with respect to the Restricted Shares, including any applicable tax withholding obligations set forth in Section 5 below. Any new, substituted or additional securities or other property which is issued or distributed with respect to the unvested Restricted Shares shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as are applicable to the unvested Restricted Shares under this Agreement and the Plan. 
 3. Special Acceleration . 
 (a) To the extent the Restricted Shares are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, but not otherwise fully vested, such Restricted Shares shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction and shall become vested in full at that time. No such acceleration, however, shall occur if and to the extent (i) this Stock Grant Agreement is, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof), or (ii) the Restricted Shares are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which preserves the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2 above. 
 (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Stock Grant Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
 (c) If this Stock Grant Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of shares and the kind of shares or securities covered by this Stock Grant Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
 (d) This Stock Grant Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 4. Restriction on Election to Recognize Income in the Year of Grant . Under Section 83 of the Code, the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares on the date the Restricted Shares vest will be taxable as ordinary income at that time. You understand, acknowledge and agree that, as a condition to the grant of this Award, you may not elect to be taxed at the time the Restricted Shares are acquired by filing an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service. 

5. Withholding Taxes . You agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable withholding tax obligations that arise in connection with the Restricted Shares which, at the sole discretion of the Company, may include (i) having the Company withhold Shares from the Restricted Shares held in escrow, or (ii) any other arrangement approved by the Company, in any case, equal in value to the amount necessary to satisfy any such withholding tax obligation. Such Shares shall be valued based on the Fair Market Value as of the day prior to the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined under applicable law. The Company shall not be required to release the Restricted Shares from the stop-transfer instructions or escrow unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
 6. Tax Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY STOCK GRANT AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
 7. Non-Transferability of Restricted Shares . Restricted Shares which have not vested pursuant to Section 2 above shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor's process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by the operation of law. However, this Section 7 shall not preclude you from designating a beneficiary who will receive any vested Restricted Shares in the event of the your death, nor shall it preclude a transfer of vested Restricted Shares by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
 8. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Restricted Shares has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Restricted Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 
 9. Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends . Stock certificates evidencing the Restricted Shares may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 10. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Restricted Shares may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 11. Voting and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall have all the rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company while the Restricted Shares are subject to stop-transfer instructions, or otherwise held in escrow, including the right to vote and to receive dividends (if any). 
 12. Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby authorize and direct your employer to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the Data regarding your employment, the nature and amount of your compensation and the facts and conditions of your participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, number of Shares held and the details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of this Stock Grant Award under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to this Stock Grant Award or cash from the sale of such shares may be deposited. You acknowledge that recipients of the Data may be located in different countries, and those countries may have data privacy laws and protections different from those in the country of your residence. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) You may at any time withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to exercise or realize benefits from this Stock Grant Award, and your ability to participate in the Plan. 
 13. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . 
 (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with this Stock Grant Award or any other Award is derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. By accepting this Stock Grant Award, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Awards to you. This Stock Grant Award is not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of a your salary, compensation, or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 

(b) Neither the Plan nor this Stock Grant Award or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Company and its Parents and Subsidiaries and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and a written employment agreement (if any), and you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan, this Stock Grant Award or any outstanding Award that is forfeited and or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. 
 (c) You agree that the Company may require that Restricted Shares be held by a broker designated by the Company. In addition, you agree that your rights hereunder shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
 14. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
 15. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company's principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company's records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 16. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 17. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

(For Grants Prior to July 2016) 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 STOCK GRANT AGREEMENT 
 This Stock Grant Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Grant Award are as follows 
 Employee ID Grant Date Grant Number Restricted Shares First Vest Date ________________,20______(the first annual anniversary of the vesting commencement date) 
 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Shares . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby transfers to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, a Stock Grant Award consisting of the Restricted Shares, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Shares . So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Shares shall vest in accordance with the following schedule ___________percent ___ of the total number of Restricted Shares issued pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and on each annual anniversary thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 3 below. In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason, all unvested Restricted Shares shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of facilitating the enforcement of the provisions of this Section 2, the Company may issue stop-transfer instructions on the Restricted Shares to the Company s transfer agent, or otherwise hold the Restricted Shares in escrow, until the Restricted Shares have vested and you have satisfied all applicable obligations with respect to the Restricted Shares, including any applicable tax withholding obligations set forth in Section 5 below. Any new, substituted or additional securities or other property which is issued or distributed with respect to the unvested Restricted Shares shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as are applicable to the unvested Restricted Shares under this Agreement and the Plan. 
 3. Special Acceleration . 
 (a) To the extent the Restricted Shares are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, but not otherwise fully vested, such Restricted Shares shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction and shall become vested in full at that time. No such acceleration, however, shall occur if and to the extent (i) this Stock Grant Agreement is, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof), or (ii) the Restricted Shares are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which preserves the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2 above. 
 (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Stock Grant Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
 (c) If this Stock Grant Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of shares and the kind of shares or securities covered by this Stock Grant Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
 (d) To the extent the Restricted Shares are outstanding at the time of a Change in Control but not otherwise fully vested, such Restricted Shares shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control and shall become vested in full at that time. 
 (e) This Stock Grant Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 4. Restriction on Election to Recognize Income in the Year of Grant . Under Section 83 of the Code, the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Shares on the date the Restricted Shares vest will be taxable as ordinary income at that time. You understand, acknowledge and agree that, as a condition to the grant of this Award, you may not elect to be taxed at the time the Restricted Shares are acquired by filing an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service. 

5. Withholding Taxes . You agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable withholding tax obligations that arise in connection with the Restricted Shares which, at the sole discretion of the Company, may include (i) having the Company withhold Shares from the Restricted Shares held in escrow, or (ii) any other arrangement approved by the Company, in any case, equal in value to the amount necessary to satisfy any such withholding tax obligation. Such Shares shall be valued based on the Fair Market Value as of the day prior to the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined under applicable law. The Company shall not be required to release the Restricted Shares from the stop-transfer instructions or escrow unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
 6. Tax Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. 
 
 YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY STOCK GRANT AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
 7. Non-Transferability of Restricted Shares . Restricted Shares which have not vested pursuant to Section 2 above shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by the operation of law. However, this Section 7 shall not preclude you from designating a beneficiary who will receive any vested Restricted Shares in the event of the your death, nor shall it preclude a transfer of vested Restricted Shares by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
 8. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Restricted Shares has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Restricted Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 
 9. Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends . Stock certificates evidencing the Restricted Shares may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 10. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Restricted Shares may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 11. Voting and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall have all the rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company while the Restricted Shares are subject to stop-transfer instructions, or otherwise held in escrow, including the right to vote and to receive dividends (if any). 
 12. Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby authorize and direct your employer to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the Data regarding your employment, the nature and amount of your compensation and the facts and conditions of your participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, number of Shares held and the details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of this Stock Grant Award under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to this Stock Grant Award or cash from the sale of such shares may be deposited. You acknowledge that recipients of the Data may be located in different countries, and those countries may have data privacy laws and protections different from those in the country of your residence. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) You may at any time withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to exercise or realize benefits from this Stock Grant Award, and your ability to participate in the Plan. 

13. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . 
 (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with this Stock Grant Award or any other Award is derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. By accepting this Stock Grant Award, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Awards to you. This Stock Grant Award is not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of a your salary, compensation, or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 
 (b) Neither the Plan nor this Stock Grant Award or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, a Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Company and its Parents and Subsidiaries and Affiliates reserve the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and a written employment agreement (if any), and you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan, this Stock Grant Award or any outstanding Award that is forfeited and or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. 
 (c) You agree that the Company may require that Restricted Shares be held by a broker designated by the Company. In addition, you agree that your rights hereunder shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
 14. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
 15. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 16. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 17. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

(For Grants Beginning in September 2023) 
 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 PERFORMANCE-BASED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 This Performance-Based Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows 
 Employee ID Grant Date Grant Number Target Amount of Performance-Based Stock Units Vest Date 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units and your receipt of any Shares or any related benefit thereunder, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Performance-Based Stock Units . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you and you hereby accept from the Company, Performance-Based Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the Performance-Based Stock Units, or by otherwise receiving the Performance-Based Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating thereto, you acknowledge that the Performance-Based Stock Units and any Shares issued thereunder and your participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and you agree to such terms and conditions. The Target Amount of Performance-Based Stock Units stated above reflects the target number of Performance-Based Stock Units (the Target Amount ). The number of Performance-Based Stock Units ultimately paid out to you will range from ___ to ___ of the Target Amount as determined (i) based upon the Company s performance during the performance period against the performance goals as set forth in the Committee s resolutions, dated _______________ (the Performance Goals and (ii) by the basic formula contained in the attached Exhibit A. In accordance therewith, the Committee has the right, in its sole discretion and for any reason, to reduce or eliminate the number of Performance-Based Stock Units that would otherwise be payable hereunder pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence. 
 2. Vesting of Performance-Based Stock Units . So long as your Service continues and subject to, and to the extent of, the satisfaction of the Performance Goals, the Performance-Based Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule __________ (___ of the total number of Performance-Based Stock Units earned, if any, pursuant to the satisfaction of the Performance Goals shall vest on the Vest Date, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Sections 3(b) or 4 below. If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion and to the extent permitted under applicable local law, either suspend vesting during the period of leave or pro-rate the Performance-Based Stock Units, notwithstanding the Company s Vesting Policy for Leaves of Absence. 
 3. Termination of Service . 
 (a) Except as otherwise provided in Section 3(b) below or Section 4, in the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), all unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Performance-Based Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer actively providing Service (or earlier upon your Separation from Service within the meaning of Code Section 409A) and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law e.g. , active Service would not include a period of garden leave or similar period pursuant to local law) the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing Service for purposes of the Performance-Based Stock Units. 
 (b) In the event that you resign or your Service is terminated for any reason other than Cause on or after the date that (x) you have attained at least __________ (___) years of age, (y) your years of Service are at least equal to __________ (___), and (z) your age 

plus your years of Service are at least equal to __________ (___), provided such resignation or the termination of your Service occurs no earlier than the __________ anniversary of the Grant Date (the satisfaction of all of the aforementioned conditions is referred to herein as Retirement ), all unvested Performance-Based Stock Units may be earned pursuant to the satisfaction of the Performance Goals, and shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2 above, determined as if your Service had continued after your resignation or termination of Service, and shall be settled in accordance with Section 5 below provided that any unsettled or unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall be forfeited without consideration immediately upon the breach of any of the following conditions 
 (i) Unless prohibited by applicable law, you shall render, as an independent advisor or consultant and not as an Employee, such advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) as shall reasonably be requested by the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), and such services shall not be terminated for Cause (for purposes of clarity, any request to provide such advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) shall not be considered a continuation of Service unless the Company specifically provides that the continuation of services is a continuation of Service for purposes of this Section 3(b)). 
 (ii) For a period of _____ (___) year beginning on the date of your termination of Service or during any period in which you provide independent advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), you shall not directly or indirectly, individually or on behalf of other persons or entities, intentionally solicit or induce (a) any employee of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) to leave the employee s employment in order to accept employment with another person or entity or (b) any customer of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) with whom you have worked in your capacity as an Employee prior to your termination of Service whose identity and or any related information constitutes protected trade secrets (with such customers determined as of the date of the termination of your Service, to retain or use any other person or entity for the purpose of rendering services in competition with the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) or to purchase products from any business which, in the opinion of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), competes with or is in conflict with the interests of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), in either case, unless these restrictions are prohibited (whether in whole or in part) by applicable law. 
 (iii) For a period of _____ (___) year beginning on the date of your termination of Service or during any period in which you provide independent advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), you shall not render services for any organization or engage directly or indirectly in any business which, in the opinion of the Company, competes with or is in conflict with the interests of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), unless this restriction is prohibited by applicable law. 
 (iv) You shall not, without prior written authorization from the Company, use or disclose any confidential information or trade secrets concerning the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), in each case as determined by the Committee, and the Committee s determination shall be conclusive and binding. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event of the termination of your Service for Cause or in the event of the termination for Cause of any independent advisory or consulting services you may be providing as described in Section 3(b)(i), any unsettled or unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall terminate and be forfeited immediately without consideration. 
 4. Special Acceleration . 
 (a) To the extent the Performance-Based Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Performance-Based Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full at the Target Amount immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction and be settled in accordance with Section 5 below. No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent (i) these Performance-Based Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable performance-based stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof), in each case, having a minimum payout equal to the Target Amount and preserving the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below or (ii) these Performance-Based Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and, at a minimum, preserves the fair market value of the Performance-Based Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction (based on the Target Amount) and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below. The determination of the comparability of performance-based stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the settlement of Performance-Based Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
 (c) If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 

(d) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 5. Settlement of Performance-Based Stock Units . 
 (a) General Settlement Terms . The Performance-Based Stock Units, to the extent earned and vested hereunder (including, without limitation by reason of Retirement), shall be automatically settled in Shares on the Vest Date (which constitutes a fixed payment date for purposes of Code Section 409A) or, to the extent the Performance-Based Stock Units vest under the Company s Vesting Acceleration Policy for Death and Terminal Illness, the Performance-Based Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares earlier upon the earlier to occur of your death or terminal illness (provided, however, that if your Performance-Based Stock Units are subject to Code Section 409A, only if your terminal illness qualifies as a disability payment event under Code Section 409A) it being understood that nothing herein shall limit the Company s ability to amend or terminate such policy in its sole discretion and without your consent. 
 (b) Corporate Transaction . If this Performance-Based Stock Unit award is not assumed or replaced as described in Section 4(a) in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Performance-Based Stock Units that vest pursuant to Section 4(a) shall be automatically settled in Shares immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction instead of on the Vest Date provided, however, that if the Performance-Based Stock Unit award is subject to Code Section 409A, such vested award shall instead be settled pursuant to Section 5(a). 
 (c) The Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable tax and or other obligations pursuant to Section 6 below and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable law. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5 or in this Agreement, to the extent your Performance-Based Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company s first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. 
 (e) Prior to the time that the Performance-Based Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Performance-Based Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 6. Taxes . 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the Employer takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units, you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Performance-Based Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Performance-Based Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Performance-Based Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (b) Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, and in order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Performance-Based Stock Units, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account of any obligations of the Company and or the Employer that arise in connection with the Performance-Based Stock Units. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization) (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company. 
 (c) If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Performance-Based Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan. You agree to provide the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator with the information necessary to manage your Tax-Related Items withholding and acknowledge that should you fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from you and it may be necessary for you to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities. Depending 

on the withholding method, the Company or Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. 
 (d) Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
 7. Tax and Legal Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, your Employer or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY PERFORMANCE-BASED STOCK UNITS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND YOUR EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR YOUR EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES. 
 8. Non-Transferability of Performance-Based Stock Units . Performance-Based Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
 9. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law including all applicable foreign laws. 
 10. Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 11. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
 12. Voting, Dividend and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company unless and until the Performance-Based Stock Units are settled in Shares. Dividend equivalents shall accrue on the Performance-Based Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Performance-Based Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and to the extent vested will be settled in additional Shares upon the settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units as set forth in Section 5 above. 
 13. Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Performance-Based Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any 

requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Performance-Based Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Performance-Based Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (c) You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Performance-Based Stock Units or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Performance-Based Stock Units, and your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 (d) The collection, use and transfer of Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan is conducted in accordance with the Company s Global HR Data Protection Policy. 
 14. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . As a condition to, and in consideration of, the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units, and in receiving the Performance-Based Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating to the Performance-Based Stock Units, you acknowledge and agree that 
 (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Performance-Based Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement. 
 (b) The grant of the Performance-Based Stock Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Performance-Based Stock Units, even if Performance-Based Stock Units have been granted in the past. By accepting these Performance-Based Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Performance-Based Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units. All decisions with respect to future grants of Performance-Based Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 (c) The Performance-Based Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Performance-Based Stock Units, and the income and value of the same are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related payments, holiday pay, pension, retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. The value of the Performance-Based Stock Units is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment agreement (if any). 
 (d) You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
 (e) Neither the Plan nor these Performance-Based Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, and a written employment agreement (if any). 
 (f) The grant of the Performance-Based Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form or amend an employment contract or relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
 (g) The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Performance-Based Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease. You also understand that neither the Company, nor the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between your Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
 (h) No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Performance-Based Stock Units resulting from termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not later found to 

be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) and, in consideration of the grant of the Award to which you are not otherwise entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company or its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates from any such claim if notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by accepting the Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed to not pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request withdrawal from such claim. 
 (i) You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
 (j) You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
 (k) Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, or by the Company in its discretion, the Performance-Based Stock Units evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Performance-Based Stock Units transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for in connection with any Corporation Transaction affecting the Common Stock. 
 15. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
 16. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 17. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 18. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
 19. Waiver. You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
 20. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 21. Language . If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
 22. Exchange Control, Tax And Or Foreign Asset Account Reporting . You acknowledge that there may be exchange control, tax, foreign asset and or account reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold Shares acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends paid on Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage or bank account or legal entity outside your country. You may be required to report such accounts, assets, the balances therein, the value thereof and or the transactions related thereto to the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of your participation in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and you should consult your personal legal advisor for details. 
 23. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Performance-Based Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 

24. Committee Policies . The Performance-Based Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any applicable policy (and any amendments thereto) that the Committee (or a designee of the Committee) has adopted or will adopt in the future, including, but not limited to, any policy related to the vesting or transfer of equity awards. 
 25. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Performance-Based Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
 26. Acceptance of Agreement . You may accept this Award either by (a) clicking on the I agree button below at any time before the Vest Date or (b) doing nothing and your Award will be automatically accepted on your behalf on the Vest Date. 
 
 By accepting your Award in accordance with Section 26 of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in September 2020 
 and Prior to September 2023) 
 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 PERFORMANCE-BASED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 This Performance-Based Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a __________ corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows 
 Employee ID Grant Date Grant Number Target Amount of Performance-Based Stock Units Vest Date 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units and your receipt of any Shares or any related benefit thereunder, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Performance-Based Stock Units . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you and you hereby accept from the Company, Performance-Based Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the Performance-Based Stock Units, or by otherwise receiving the Performance-Based Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating thereto, you acknowledge that the Performance-Based Stock Units and any Shares issued thereunder and your participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and you agree to such terms and conditions. The Target Amount of Performance-Based Stock Units stated above reflects the target number of Performance-Based Stock Units (the Target Amount ). The number of Performance-Based Stock Units ultimately paid out to you will range from ____ to _____ of the Target Amount as determined (i) based upon the Company s performance during the performance period against the performance goals as set forth in the Committee s resolutions, dated _______________ (the Performance Goals and (ii) by the basic formula contained in the attached Exhibit A. In accordance therewith, the Committee has the right, in its sole discretion and for any reason, to reduce or eliminate the number of Performance-Based Stock Units that would otherwise be payable hereunder pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence. 
 2. Vesting of Performance-Based Stock Units . So long as your Service continues and subject to, and to the extent of, the satisfaction of the Performance Goals, the Performance-Based Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule __________ (_____ of the total number of Performance-Based Stock Units earned, if any, pursuant to the satisfaction of the Performance Goals shall vest on the Vest Date, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Sections 3(b) or 4 below. If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion and to the extent permitted under applicable local law, either suspend vesting during the period of leave or pro-rate the Performance-Based Stock Units, notwithstanding the Company s Vesting Policy for Leaves of Absence. 
 3. Termination of Service . 
 (a) Except as otherwise provided in Section 3(b) below or Section 4, in the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), all unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Performance-Based Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer actively providing Service (or earlier upon your Separation from Service within the meaning of Code Section 409A) and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law e.g. , active Service would not include a period of garden leave or similar period pursuant to local law) the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing Service for purposes of the Performance-Based Stock Units. 
 (b) In the event that you resign or your Service is terminated for any reason other than Cause on or after the date that (x) you have attained at least ____ (___) years of age and (y) your age plus your years of Service is at least equal to _________ (___), and so long 

as such resignation or the termination of your Service occurs no earlier than the _________ anniversary of the Grant Date (the satisfaction of the aforementioned conditions is referred to herein as Retirement 1 ), all unvested Performance-Based Stock Units may be earned pursuant to the satisfaction of the Performance Goals, and shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2 above, determined as if your Service had continued after your resignation or termination of Service, and shall be settled in accordance with Section 5(a) provided that any unsettled or unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall be forfeited without consideration immediately upon the breach of any of the following conditions 
 (i) Unless prohibited by applicable law, you shall render, as an independent advisor or consultant and not as an Employee, such advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) as shall reasonably be requested by the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), and such services shall not be terminated for Cause (for purposes of clarity, any request to provide such advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) shall not be considered a continuation of Service unless the Company specifically provides that the continuation of services is a continuation of Service for purposes of this Section 3(b)). 
 (ii) For a period of ____ (__) year beginning on the date of your termination of Service or during any period in which you provide independent advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), you shall not directly or indirectly, individually or on behalf of other persons or entities, intentionally solicit or induce (a) any employee of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) to leave the employee s employment in order to accept employment with another person or entity or (b) any customer of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) with whom you have worked in your capacity as an Employee prior to your termination of Service whose identity and or any related information constitutes protected trade secrets (with such customers determined as of the date of the termination of your Service, to retain or use any other person or entity for the purpose of rendering services in competition with the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate) or to purchase products from any business which, in the opinion of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), competes with or is in conflict with the interests of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), in either case, unless these restrictions are prohibited (whether in whole or in part) by applicable law. 
 (iii) For a period of _____ (__) year beginning on the date of your termination of Service or during any period in which you provide independent advisory or consulting services to the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), you shall not render services for any organization or engage directly or indirectly in any business which, in the opinion of the Company, competes with or is in conflict with the interests of the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), unless this restriction is prohibited by applicable law. 
 
 ___________________________ 
 1 If you are subject to the employment protections of a country within the European Economic Area because you reside in such country or are otherwise subject thereto, Retirement shall mean your years of Service is at least equal to ________ (___), regardless of your age, and the provisions concerning Retirement shall apply to you so long as the termination of your Service occurs no earlier than the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date. In all cases, years of Service shall be determined based on the date you originally provided Service. If you previously terminated Service, but subsequently returned to Service prior to the Grant Date, you will receive credit for your prior Service. 

(iv) You shall not, without prior written authorization from the Company, use or disclose any confidential information or trade secrets concerning the Company (or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate), in each case as determined by the Committee, and the Committee s determination shall be conclusive and binding. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event of the termination of your Service for Cause or in the event of the termination for Cause of any independent advisory or consulting services you may be providing as described in Section 3(b)(i), any unsettled or unvested Performance-Based Stock Units shall terminate and be forfeited immediately without consideration. 
 4. Special Acceleration . 
 (a) To the extent the Performance-Based Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Performance-Based Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full at the Target Amount immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction and settled in accordance with Section 5 below. No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent (i) these Performance-Based Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable performance-based stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof), in each case, having a minimum payout equal to the Target Amount and preserving the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below or (ii) these Performance-Based Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and, at a minimum, preserves the fair market value of the Performance-Based Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction (based on the Target Amount) and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below. The determination of the comparability of performance-based stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the settlement of Performance-Based Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
 (c) If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
 (d) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 5. Settlement of Performance-Based Stock Units . 
 (a) General Settlement Terms . The Performance-Based Stock Units, to the extent earned and vested hereunder (including, without limitation by reason of Retirement), shall be automatically settled in Shares on the Vest Date (which constitutes a fixed payment date for purposes of Code Section 409A) or, if earlier, upon the earliest to occur of the settlement events set forth below or in the Company s Vesting Acceleration Policy for Death and Terminal Illness it being understood that nothing herein shall limit the Company s ability to amend or terminate such policy in its sole discretion and without your consent. 
 (b) Corporate Transaction . If, as of the Grant Date, you have not satisfied and it is not possible for you to satisfy the age and Service Retirement conditions with respect to this Performance-Based Stock Unit award and this Performance-Based Stock Unit award is not assumed or replaced as described in Section 4(a) in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Performance-Based Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction instead of on the Vest Date. 
 (c) The Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable tax and or other obligations pursuant to Section 6 below and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable law. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5 or in this Agreement, to the extent your Performance-Based Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company s first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. 
 (e) Prior to the time that the Performance-Based Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Performance-Based Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 6. Taxes . 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the Employer takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the 

Performance-Based Stock Units, you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Performance-Based Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Performance-Based Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Performance-Based Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (b) Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, and in order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Performance-Based Stock Units, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account of any obligations of the Company and or the Employer that arise in connection with the Performance-Based Stock Units. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization) (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company. 
 (c) If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Performance-Based Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan. You agree to provide the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator with the information necessary to manage your Tax-Related Items withholding and acknowledge that should you fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from you and it may be necessary for you to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities. Depending on the withholding method, the Company or Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. 
 (d) Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
 7. Tax and Legal Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, your Employer or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY PERFORMANCE-BASED STOCK UNITS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND YOUR EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR YOUR EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES. 
 8. Non-Transferability of Performance-Based Stock Units . Performance-Based Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
 9. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law including all applicable foreign laws. 
 10. Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 

11. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
 12. Voting, Dividend and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company unless and until the Performance-Based Stock Units are settled in Shares. Dividend equivalents shall accrue on the Performance-Based Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Performance-Based Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and to the extent vested will be settled in additional Shares upon the settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units as set forth in Section 5 above. 
 13. Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information. 
 (a) You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Performance-Based Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Performance-Based Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Performance-Based Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (c) You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Performance-Based Stock Units or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Performance-Based Stock Units, and your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 (d) The collection, use and transfer of Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan is conducted in accordance with the Company s Global HR Data Protection Policy. 
 14. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . As a condition to, and in consideration of, the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units, and in receiving the Performance-Based Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating to the Performance-Based Stock Units, you acknowledge and agree that 
 (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Performance-Based Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement. 
 (b) The grant of the Performance-Based Stock Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Performance-Based Stock Units, even if Performance-Based Stock Units have been granted in the past. By accepting these Performance-Based Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Performance-Based Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units. All decisions with respect to future grants of Performance-Based Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee. 

(c) The Performance-Based Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Performance-Based Stock Units, and the income and value of the same are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related payments, holiday pay, pension, retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. The value of the Performance-Based Stock Units is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment agreement (if any). 
 (d) You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
 (e) Neither the Plan nor these Performance-Based Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, and a written employment agreement (if any). 
 (f) The grant of the Performance-Based Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form or amend an employment contract or relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
 (g) The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Performance-Based Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease. You also understand that neither the Company, nor the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between your Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
 (h) No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Performance-Based Stock Units resulting from termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) and, in consideration of the grant of the Award to which you are not otherwise entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company or its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates from any such claim if notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by accepting the Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed to not pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request withdrawal from such claim. 
 (i) You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Performance-Based Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
 (j) You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
 (k) Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, or by the Company in its discretion, the Performance-Based Stock Units evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Performance-Based Stock Units transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for in connection with any Corporation Transaction affecting the Common Stock. 
 15. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
 16. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 17. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 

18. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
 19. Waiver . You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
 20. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 21. Language . If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
 22. Exchange Control, Tax And Or Foreign Asset Account Reporting . You acknowledge that there may be exchange control, tax, foreign asset and or account reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold Shares acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends paid on Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage or bank account or legal entity outside your country. You may be required to report such accounts, assets, the balances therein, the value thereof and or the transactions related thereto to the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of your participation in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and you should consult your personal legal advisor for details. 
 23. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Performance-Based Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 24. Committee Policies . The Performance-Based Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any applicable policy (and any amendments thereto) that the Committee (or a designee of the Committee) has adopted or will adopt in the future, including, but not limited to, any policy related to the vesting or transfer of equity awards. 
 25. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Performance-Based Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Performance-Based Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
 26. Acceptance of Agreement . You may accept this Award either by (a) clicking on the I agree button below at any time before the Vest Date or (b) doing nothing and your Award will be automatically accepted on your behalf on the Vest Date. 

By accepting your Award in accordance with Section 26 of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in September 2023) 
 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 This Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows 
 Employee ID Grant Date Grant Number Restricted Stock Units First Vest Date 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units and your receipt of any Shares or any related benefit thereunder, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Stock Units . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the Restricted Stock Units, or by otherwise receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating thereto, you acknowledge that the Restricted Stock Units and any Shares issued thereunder and your participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and you agree to such terms and conditions. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule , unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Sections 3(b) or 4 below. If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion, suspend vesting during the period of leave or pro-rate the Restricted Stock Units to the extent permitted under the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Service or under the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any, notwithstanding the Company s Vesting Policy for Leaves of Absence. 
 3. Termination of Service . 
 (a) Except as otherwise provided in Section 3(b) below or Section 4, in the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer actively providing Service (or earlier upon your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A Separation from Service )) and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law (e.g., active Service would not include a period of garden leave or similar notice period pursuant to local law) the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing Service for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 (b) In the event that you resign or your Service is terminated for any reason other than Cause on or after the date that (x) you have attained at least __________ (___) years of age, (y) your years of Service are at least equal to __________ (___), and (z) your age plus your years of Service are at least equal to __________ (___), provided such resignation or the termination of your Service occurs no earlier than the __________ anniversary of the Grant Date (the satisfaction of all of the aforementioned conditions is referred to herein as Retirement ), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall immediately vest in full, and shall be settled in accordance with Section 5 below. 

(c) Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event of the termination of your Service for Cause, any unsettled or unvested Restricted Stock Units shall terminate and be forfeited immediately without consideration. 
 4. Special Acceleration . 
 (a) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction and be settled in accordance with Section 5 below. No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent (i) these Restricted Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable restricted stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) these Restricted Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and preserves the fair market value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below. The determination of the comparability of restricted stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the settlement of Restricted Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
 (c) If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
 (d) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 5. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . 
 (a) Settlement Terms . 
 i. To the extent you have not elected to defer (or are not eligible to defer) settlement of the Restricted Stock Units and you have not satisfied and it is not possible for you to satisfy the Retirement conditions with respect to this Restricted Stock Unit award, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units. 
 ii. To the extent you have not elected to defer (or are not eligible to defer) settlement of the Restricted Stock Units and you have satisfied or it is possible for you to satisfy the Retirement conditions with respect to this Restricted Stock Unit award, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon the regularly scheduled vesting dates of such Restricted Stock Units (or, earlier, upon your Separation from Service, to the extent vested upon your Separation from Service), subject to Section 5(c) below. 
 iii. To the extent you are eligible and have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon the earlier of (a) your Separation from Service and (b) the fixed payment date elected by you, if any, at the time of such deferral (which shall be the first business day of a year no earlier than six years after the year of the Grant Date in accordance with procedures approved by the Committee), subject to Section 5(c) below. 
 (b) The Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable tax and or other obligations pursuant to Section 6 below and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable law. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 5 or in this Agreement, in the cases noted in Section 5(a) above, to the extent your Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service (other than on account of death), such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company s first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. 
 (d) Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 6. Taxes . 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the Employer takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Restricted Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. You further acknowledge 

that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (b) Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, and in order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Restricted Stock Units, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account of any obligations of the Company and or the Employer that arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization) (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company. 
 (c) If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan. You agree to provide the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator with the information necessary to manage your Tax-Related Items withholding and acknowledge that should you fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from you and it may be necessary for you to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities. Depending on the withholding method, the Company or Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. 
 (d) Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
 7. Tax and Legal Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, the Employer or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND THE EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES. 
 8. Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
 9. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law, including all applicable foreign laws. 
 10. Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 11. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant 

to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
 12. Voting, Dividend and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares. To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, dividend equivalents shall only accrue after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units as set forth in Section 5 above. 
 12. Voting, Dividend and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares. Dividend equivalents shall accrue on the Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and to the extent vested will be settled in additional Shares upon the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units as set forth in Section 5 above. 
 13. Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (c) You understand that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information 

on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 (d) The collection, use and transfer of Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan is conducted in accordance with the Company s Global HR Data Protection Policy. 
 14. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . As a condition to, and in consideration of, the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, and in receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating to the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge and agree that 
 (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan and this Agreement. 
 (b) The grant of the Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past. By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Restricted Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units. All decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 (c) The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units and the income and value of the same are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related payments, holiday pay, pension, retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. The value of the Restricted Stock Units is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment or service agreement (if any). 
 (d) You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
 (e) Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason. 
 (f) The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form or amend an employment contract or service relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
 (g) The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Restricted Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease. You also understand that none of the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between the Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
 (h) No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) and, in consideration of the grant of the Award to which you are not otherwise entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company or its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates from any such claim if notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by accepting the Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed to not pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request the withdrawal of such claim. 
 (i) You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
 (j) You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
 (k) Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units transferred to, or assumed 

by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Common Stock. 
 15. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
 16. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 17. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 18. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
 19. Waiver . You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
 20. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 21. Language . If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
 22. Exchange Control, Tax And Or Foreign Asset Account Reporting . You acknowledge that there may be exchange control, tax, foreign asset and or account reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold Shares acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends paid on Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage bank account or legal entity outside your country. You may be required to report such accounts, assets, the balances therein, the value thereof and or the transactions related thereto to the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of your participation in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and you should consult your personal legal advisor for any details. 
 23. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 24. Committee Policies . The Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any applicable policy (and any amendments thereto) that the Committee (or a designee of the Committee) has adopted or will adopt in the future, including, but not limited to, any policy related to the vesting or transfer of equity awards. 
 25. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement 

(including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
 26. Acceptance of Agreement . You may accept this Award either by (a) clicking on the I agree button below at any time before the First Vest Date or (b) doing nothing and your Award will be automatically accepted on your behalf on the First Vest Date. 
 
 By accepting your Award in accordance with Section 26 of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in September 2020 
 and Prior to September 2023) 
 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 This Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a __________ corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows 
 Employee ID Grant Date Grant Number Restricted Stock Units First Vest Date 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units and your receipt of any Shares or any related benefit thereunder, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Stock Units . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the Restricted Stock Units, or by otherwise receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating thereto, you acknowledge that the Restricted Stock Units and any Shares issued thereunder and your participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and you agree to such terms and conditions. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule , unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below. If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion, suspend vesting during the period of leave or pro-rate the Restricted Stock Units to the extent permitted under the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Service or under the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any, notwithstanding the Company s Vesting Policy for Leaves of Absence. 
 3. Termination of Service . In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer providing Service, and the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer providing Service for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 4. Special Acceleration . 
 (a) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction. No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent (i) these Restricted Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable restricted stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) these Restricted Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and preserves the fair market value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for 

subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below. The determination of the comparability of restricted stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the deferred settlement of Restricted Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
 (c) If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
 (d) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 5. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . To the extent you are eligible but have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable Tax-Related Items, as described and defined in Section 6 below, and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable laws. To the extent you are eligible but have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon the earlier of (a) your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A Separation from Service and (b) the fixed payment date elected by you, if any, at the time of such deferral (which shall be the first business day of a year no earlier than six years after the year of the Grant Date in accordance with procedures approved by the Committee), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent your Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company's first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 6. Taxes . 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the Employer takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Restricted Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (b) Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, and in order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Restricted Stock Units, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account of any obligations of the Company and or the Employer that arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization) (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company. 
 (c) If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan. You agree to provide the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator with the information necessary to manage your Tax-Related Items withholding and acknowledge that should you fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from you and it may be necessary for you to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities. Depending on the withholding method, the Company or Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. 

(d) Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
 7. Tax and Legal Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, the Employer or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND THE EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES. 
 8. Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
 9. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law, including all applicable foreign laws. 
 10. Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 11. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
 12. Voting, Dividend and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares. To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, dividend equivalents shall only accrue after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units as set forth in Section 5 above. 
 12. Voting, Dividend and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares. Dividend equivalents shall accrue on the Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and to the extent vested will be settled in additional Shares upon the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units as set forth in Section 5 above. 
 13. Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You 

understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (c) You understand that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 (d) The collection, use and transfer of Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan is conducted in accordance with the Company s Global HR Data Protection Policy. 
 14. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . As a condition to, and in consideration of, the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, and in receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating to the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge and agree that 
 (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan and this Agreement. 
 (b) the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past. By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Restricted Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units. All decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 (c) The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units and the income and value of the same are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related payments, holiday pay, pension, retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. The value of the Restricted Stock Units is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment or service agreement (if any). 
 (d) You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
 (e) Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason. 
 (f) The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form or amend an employment contract or service relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
 (g) The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Restricted Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease. You also understand that none of the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between the Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 

(h) No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) and, in consideration of the grant of the Award to which you are not otherwise entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company or its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates from any such claim if notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by accepting the Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed to not pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request the withdrawal of such claim. 
 (i) You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
 (j) You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
 (k) Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Common Stock. 
 15. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
 16. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 17. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 18. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
 19. Waiver . You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
 20. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 21. Language . If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
 22. Exchange Control, Tax And Or Foreign Asset Account Reporting . You acknowledge that there may be exchange control, tax, foreign asset and or account reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold Shares acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends paid on Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage bank account or legal entity outside your country. You may be required to report such accounts, assets, the balances therein, the value thereof and or the transactions related thereto to the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of your participation in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and you should consult your personal legal advisor for any details. 
 23. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines 

that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 24. Committee Policies . The Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any applicable policy (and any amendments thereto) that the Committee (or a designee of the Committee) has adopted or will adopt in the future, including, but not limited to, any policy related to the vesting or transfer of equity awards. 
 25. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
 26. Acceptance of Agreement . You may accept this Award either by (a) clicking on the I agree button below at any time before the First Vest Date or (b) doing nothing and your Award will be automatically accepted on your behalf on the First Vest Date. 

By accepting your Award in accordance with Section 26 of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in September 2018 
 and Prior to September 2020) 
 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows 
 Employee ID Grant Date Grant Number Restricted Stock Units First Vest Date 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units and your receipt of any Shares or any related benefit thereunder, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Stock Units . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the Restricted Stock Units, or by otherwise receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating thereto, you acknowledge that the Restricted Stock Units and any Shares issued thereunder and your participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and you agree to such terms and conditions. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule , unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below. If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion, suspend vesting during the period of leave or pro-rate the Restricted Stock Units to the extent permitted under the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Service or under the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any, notwithstanding the Company s Vesting Policy for Leaves of Absence. 
 3. Termination of Service . In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer providing Service, and the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer providing Service for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 4. Special Acceleration . 
 (a) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction. No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent (i) these Restricted Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable restricted stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) these Restricted Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and preserves the fair market value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below. The determination of the comparability of restricted stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 

(b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the deferred settlement of Restricted Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
 (c) If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
 (d) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 5. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . To the extent you are eligible but have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable Tax-Related Items, as described and defined in Section 6 below, and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable laws. To the extent you are eligible but have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon the earlier of (a) your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A Separation from Service and (b) the fixed payment date elected by you, if any, at the time of such deferral (which shall be the first business day of a year no earlier than six years after the year of the Grant Date in accordance with procedures approved by the Committee), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent your Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company's first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 6. Taxes . 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the Employer takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Restricted Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount, if any, actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (b) Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, and in order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Restricted Stock Units, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account of any obligations of the Company and or the Employer that arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization) (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company. 
 (c) If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan. You agree to provide the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator with the information necessary to manage your Tax-Related Items withholding and acknowledge that should you fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from you and it may be necessary for you to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities. Depending on the withholding method, the Company or Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. 
 (d) Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
 7. Tax and Legal Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, the Employer or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING 

THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND THE EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES. 
 8. Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
 9. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law, including all applicable foreign laws. 
 10. Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 11. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
 12. Voting, Dividend and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares. To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, dividend equivalents shall only accrue after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units as set forth in Section 5 above. 
 13. Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (c) You understand that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 (d) The collection, use and transfer of Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan is conducted in accordance with the Company s Global HR Data Protection Policy. 

14. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . As a condition to, and in consideration of, the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, and in receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating to the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge and agree that 
 (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan and this Agreement. 
 (b) the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past. By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Restricted Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units. All decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 (c) The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units and the income and value of the same are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, leave-related payments, holiday pay, pension, retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. The value of the Restricted Stock Units is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment or service agreement (if any). 
 (d) You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
 (e) Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason. 
 (f) The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form or amend an employment contract or service relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
 (g) The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Restricted Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease. You also understand that none of the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between the Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
 (h) No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) and, in consideration of the grant of the Award to which you are not otherwise entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company or its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates from any such claim if notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by accepting the Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed to not pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request the withdrawal of such claim. 
 (i) You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
 (j) You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
 (k) Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Common Stock. 
 15. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
 16. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 17. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 18. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

19. Waiver . You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
 20. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 21. Language . If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
 22. Exchange Control, Tax And Or Foreign Asset Account Reporting . You acknowledge that there may be exchange control, tax, foreign asset and or account reporting requirements which may affect your ability to acquire or hold Shares acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends paid on Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage bank account or legal entity outside your country. You may be required to report such accounts, assets, the balances therein, the value thereof and or the transactions related thereto to the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of your participation in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to be compliant with such regulations and you should consult your personal legal advisor for any details. 
 23. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 24. Committee Policies . The Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any applicable policy (and any amendments thereto) that the Committee (or a designee of the Committee) has adopted or will adopt in the future, including, but not limited to, any policy related to the vesting or transfer of equity awards. 
 25. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
 26. Acceptance of Agreement . You may accept this Award either by (a) clicking on the I agree button below at any time before the First Vest Date or (b) doing nothing and your Award will be automatically accepted on your behalf on the First Vest Date. 

By accepting your Award in accordance with Section 26 of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in September 2017 
 and Prior to September 2018) 
 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 This Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows 
 Employee ID Grant Date Grant Number Restricted Stock Units First Vest Date 
 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units and your receipt of any Shares or any related benefit thereunder, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Stock Units . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the Restricted Stock Units, or by otherwise receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating thereto, you acknowledge that the Restricted Stock Units and any Shares issued thereunder and your participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and you agree to such terms and conditions. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule ______________________ , unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below. If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion, suspend vesting during the period of leave or pro-rate the Restricted Stock Units to the extent permitted under the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Service or under the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any, notwithstanding the Company s Vesting Policy for Leaves of Absence. 
 3. Termination of Service . In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer providing Service, and the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer providing Service for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 4. Special Acceleration . 
 (a) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction. No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent (i) these Restricted Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable restricted stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) these Restricted Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and preserves the fair market value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below. The 

determination of the comparability of restricted stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the deferred settlement of Restricted Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
 (c) If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
 (d) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 5. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . To the extent you are eligible but have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable Tax-Related Items, as described and defined in Section 6 below, and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable laws. To the extent you are eligible but have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon the earlier of (a) your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A Separation from Service and (b) the fixed payment date elected by you, if any, at the time of such deferral (which shall be the first business day of a year no earlier than six years after the year of the Grant Date in accordance with procedures approved by the Committee), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent your Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company's first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 6. Taxes . 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the Employer takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Restricted Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (b) Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, and in order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Restricted Stock Units, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account of any obligations of the Company and or the Employer that arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization) (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan. You agree to provide the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator with the information necessary to manage your Tax-Related Items withholding and acknowledge that should you fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from you and it may be necessary for you to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities. Depending on the withholding method, the Company or Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. 
 (c) Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
 7. Tax and Legal Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions 

contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, the Employer or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND THE EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES. 
 8. Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
 9. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law, including all applicable foreign laws. 
 10. Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 11. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
 12. Voting, Dividend and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares. To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, dividend equivalents shall only accrue after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units as set forth in Section 5 above. 
 13. Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (c) You understand that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 (d) The collection, use and transfer of Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan is conducted in accordance with the Company s Global HR Data Protection Policy. 

14. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . As a condition to, and in consideration of, the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, and in receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating to the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge and agree that 
 (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement. By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Restricted Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past. All decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 (b) The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. The value of the Restricted Stock Units is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment or service agreement (if any). 
 (c) You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
 (d) Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason. 
 (e) The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or service relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
 (f) The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Restricted Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease. You also understand that none of the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between the Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
 (g) No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) and, in consideration of the grant of the Award to which you are not otherwise entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company or its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates from any such claim if notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by accepting the Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed to not pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request the withdrawal of such claim. 
 (h) You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
 (i) You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
 (j) Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Common Stock. 
 15. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
 16. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 17. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 18. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

19. Waiver . You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
 20. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 21. Language . If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
 22. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 23. Committee Policies . The Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any applicable policy (and any amendments thereto) that the Committee (or a designee of the Committee) has adopted or will adopt in the future, including, but not limited to, any policy related to the vesting or transfer of equity awards. 
 24. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
 25. Acceptance of Agreement . You may accept this Award either by (a) clicking on the I agree button below at any time before the First Vest Date or (b) doing nothing and your Award will be automatically accepted on your behalf on the First Vest Date. 

By accepting your Award in accordance with Section 25 of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning May 31, 2017 
 and Prior to September 2017) 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 This Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows 
 Employee ID Grant Date Grant Number Restricted Stock Units First Vest Date 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units and your receipt of any Shares or any related benefit thereunder, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Stock Units . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. By accepting (whether in writing, electronically or otherwise) the Restricted Stock Units, or by otherwise receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating thereto, you acknowledge that the Restricted Stock Units and any Shares issued thereunder and your participation in the Plan are subject to such terms and conditions, and you agree to such terms and conditions. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule ______________ (___ of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and on each anniversary thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below. If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion, suspend vesting during the period of leave or pro-rate the Restricted Stock Units to the extent permitted under the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Service or under the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any, notwithstanding the Company s Vesting Policy for Leaves of Absence. 
 3. Termination of Service . In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer providing Service, and the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer providing Service for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 4. Special Acceleration . 
 (a) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction. No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent (i) these Restricted Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable restricted stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) these Restricted Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and preserves the fair market value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below. The determination of the comparability of restricted stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the deferred settlement of Restricted Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 

(c) If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
 (d) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 5. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . To the extent you are eligible but have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable Tax-Related Items, as described and defined in Section 6 below, and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable laws. To the extent you are eligible but have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon the earlier of (a) your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A Separation from Service and (b) the fixed payment date elected by you, if any, at the time of such deferral (which shall be the first business day of a year no earlier than six years after the year of the Grant Date in accordance with procedures approved by the Committee), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent your Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company's first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 6. Taxes . 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the Employer takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), and as a condition to and in consideration of the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Restricted Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (b) Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, and in order to receive any Shares or other benefit in relation to the Restricted Stock Units, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account of any obligations of the Company and or the Employer that arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization) (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan. You agree to provide the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator with the information necessary to manage your Tax-Related Items withholding and acknowledge that should you fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from you and it may be necessary for you to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities. Depending on the withholding method, the Company or Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates. 
 (c) Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
 7. Tax and Legal Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, the Employer or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND THE EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES. 

8. Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
 9. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law, including all applicable foreign laws. 
 10. Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 11. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
 12. Voting, Dividend and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares. To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units with a First Vest Date on or after September 11, 2016, dividend equivalents shall only accrue after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units as set forth in Section 5 above. 
 13. Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (c) You understand that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 (d) The collection, use and transfer of Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan is conducted in accordance with the Company s Global HR Data Protection Policy. 
 14. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . As a condition to, and in consideration of, the grant, vesting, and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, and in receiving the Restricted Stock Units, Shares, or any benefit relating to the Restricted Stock Units, you acknowledge and agree that 
 (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement. By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Restricted Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past. All decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee. 

(b) The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. The value of the Restricted Stock Units is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment or service agreement (if any). 
 (c) You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
 (d) Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason. 
 (e) The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or service relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
 (f) The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Restricted Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease. You also understand that none of the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between the Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
 (g) No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) and, in consideration of the grant of the Award to which you are not otherwise entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company or its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates from any such claim if notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by accepting the Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed to not pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request the withdrawal of such claim. 
 (h) You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
 (i) You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
 (j) Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Common Stock. 
 15. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
 16. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 17. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 18. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
 19. Waiver . You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
 20. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 21. Language . If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
 22. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 

23. Committee Policies . The Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any applicable policy (and any amendments thereto) that the Committee (or a designee of the Committee) has adopted or will adopt in the future, including, but not limited to, any policy related to the vesting or transfer of equity awards. 
 24. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
 25. Acceptance of Agreement . You may accept this Award either by (a) clicking on the I agree button below at any time before the First Vest Date or (b) doing nothing and your Award will be automatically accepted on your behalf on the First Vest Date. 

By accepting your Award in accordance with Section 25 of this Agreement, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in July 2016 
 and Prior to May 31, 2017) 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 This Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows 
 Employee ID Grant Date Grant Number Restricted Stock Units First Vest Date 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Stock Units . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule _______ (___ of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and on each anniversary thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below. If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion, suspend vesting during the period of leave to the extent permitted under the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Service or under the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any. 
 3. Termination of Service . In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer providing Service, and the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer providing Service for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 4. Special Acceleration . 
 (a) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction. No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent (i) these Restricted Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable restricted stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) these Restricted Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and preserves the fair market value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below. The determination of the comparability of restricted stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the deferred settlement of Restricted Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 

(c) If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
 (d) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 5. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . To the extent you are eligible but have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable Tax-Related Items, as described and defined in Section 6 below, and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable laws. To the extent you are eligible but have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon the earlier of (a) your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A Separation from Service and (b) the fixed payment date elected by you, if any, at the time of such deferral (which shall be the first business day of a year no earlier than six years after the year of the Grant Date in accordance with procedures approved by the Committee), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent your Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company's first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 6. Taxes . 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the Employer takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Restricted Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (b) Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account of any obligations of the Company and or the Employer that arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization) (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan. You agree to provide the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator with the information necessary to manage your Tax-Related Item withholding and acknowledge that should you fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from you and it may be necessary for you to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities. To avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory rates or may take any other action required to avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance. If the Company does not satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items by the withholding of Shares and instead withholds proceeds from the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering maximum applicable rates, in which case you will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash to the extent that any over-withheld amount has not otherwise been remitted to the applicable tax authority and will have no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent. 
 (c) Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares 

that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
 7. Tax and Legal Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, the Employer s or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND THE EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES. 
 8. Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
 9. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law, including all applicable foreign laws. 
 10. Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 11. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
 12. Voting, Dividend and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares. To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units with a First Vest Date on or after September 11, 2016, dividend equivalents shall only accrue after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units as set forth in Section 5 above. 
 13. Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 

(c) You understand that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 14. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . 
 (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement. By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Restricted Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past. All decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 (b) The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. The value of the Restricted Stock Units is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment or service agreement (if any). 
 (c) You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
 (d) Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason. 
 (e) The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or service relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
 (f) The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Restricted Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease. You also understand that none of the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between the Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
 (g) No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) and, in consideration of the grant of the Award to which you are not otherwise entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company or its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates from any such claim if notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by accepting the Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed to not pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request the withdrawal of such claim. 
 (h) You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
 (i) You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
 (j) Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Common Stock. 

15. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
 16. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 17. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 18. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
 19. Waiver . You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
 20. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 21. Language . If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
 22. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 23. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
 24. Acceptance of Agreement . You must expressly accept the terms and conditions of your Restricted Stock Units as set forth in this Agreement by electronically accepting this Agreement within 300 days after the Company sends this Agreement to you. If you do not accept your Restricted Stock Units in the manner instructed by the Company, your Restricted Stock Units will be subject to cancellation. 
 
 You acknowledge that by clicking on the I agree button below, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 
 PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in September 2015 
 and Prior to July 2016) 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 This Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows 
 Employee ID Grant Date Grant Number Restricted Stock Units First Vest Date 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Stock Units . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule ________ percent ___ of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and on each ____ anniversary thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below. If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion, suspend vesting during the period of leave to the extent permitted under the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Service or under the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any. 
 3. Termination of Service . In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer providing Service, and the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer providing Service for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 4. Special Acceleration . 
 (a) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction. No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent (i) these Restricted Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable restricted stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) these Restricted Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and preserves the fair market value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below. The determination of the comparability of restricted stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the deferred settlement of Restricted Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 

(c) If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
 (d) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Change in Control, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control and shall become vested in full at that time and settled in accordance with Section 5 below. 
 (e) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 5. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . To the extent you are eligible but have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable Tax-Related Items, as described and defined in Section 6 below, and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable laws. To the extent you are eligible but have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon the earlier of (a) your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A Separation from Service and (b) the fixed payment date elected by you, if any, at the time of such deferral (which shall be the first business day of a year no earlier than six years after the year of the Grant Date in accordance with procedures approved by the Committee), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent your Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company's first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 6. Taxes . 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the Employer takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Restricted Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (b) Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account of any obligations of the Company and or the Employer that arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization) (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan. You agree to provide the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator with the information necessary to manage your Tax-Related Item withholding and acknowledge that should you fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from you and it may be necessary for you to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities. To avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory rates or may take any other action required to avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance. If the Company does not satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items by the withholding of Shares and instead withholds proceeds from the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering maximum applicable rates, in which case you will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash to the extent that any over-withheld amount has not otherwise been remitted to the applicable tax authority and will have no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent. 

(c) Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
 7. Tax and Legal Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, the Employer s or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND THE EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES. 
 8. Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
 9. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law, including all applicable foreign laws. 
 10. Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 11. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
 12. Voting, Dividend and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares. To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units with a First Vest Date on or after September 11, 2016, dividend equivalents shall only accrue after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units as set forth in Section 5 above. 
 13. Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited. 

Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (c) You understand that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 14. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . 
 (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement. By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Restricted Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past. All decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 (b) The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. The value of the Restricted Stock Units is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment or service agreement (if any). 
 (c) You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
 (d) Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason. 
 (e) The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or service relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
 (f) The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Restricted Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease. You also understand that none of the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between the Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
 (g) No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms of your employment or service agreement, if any) and, in consideration of the grant of the Award to which you are not otherwise entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company or its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates from any such claim if notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by accepting the Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed to not pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request the withdrawal of such claim. 
 (h) You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
 (i) You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 

(j) Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Common Stock. 
 15. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
 16. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 17. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 18. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
 19. Waiver . You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
 20. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 21. Language . If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
 22. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 23. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
 24. Acceptance of Agreement . You must expressly accept the terms and conditions of your Restricted Stock Units as set forth in this Agreement by electronically accepting this Agreement within 300 days after the Company sends this Agreement to you. If you do not accept your Restricted Stock Units in the manner instructed by the Company, your Restricted Stock Units will be subject to cancellation. 
 
 You acknowledge that by clicking on the I agree button below, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 
 PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in September 
 2013 and Prior to September 2015) 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 This Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows 
 Employee ID Grant Date Grant Number Restricted Stock Units First Vest Date 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Stock Units . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule ________________ percent ___ of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and on each ______ anniversary thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below. If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion, suspend vesting during the period of leave to the extent permitted under the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are providing Service or the terms your employment or service agreement, if any. Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 3. Termination of Service . In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms your employment or service agreement, if any), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer providing Service the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer providing Service for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 4. Special Acceleration . 
 (a) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction. No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent (i) these Restricted Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable restricted stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) these Restricted Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and preserves the fair market value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below. The determination of the comparability of restricted stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the deferred settlement of Restricted Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 

(c) If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
 (d) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Change in Control, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control and shall become vested in full at that time and settled in accordance with Section 5 below. 
 (e) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 5. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . To the extent you are eligible but have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable Tax-Related Items, as described an defined in Section 6 below, and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable laws. To the extent you are eligible but have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon the earlier of (a) your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A Separation from Service and (b) the fixed payment date elected by you, if any, at the time of such deferral (which shall be the first business day of a year no earlier than six years after the year of the Grant Date in accordance with procedures approved by the Committee), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent your Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company's first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. 
 6. Taxes . 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the Employer takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Restricted Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (b) Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account obligations of the Company and or the Employer that arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization) (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding of Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan. You agree to provide the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator with the information necessary to manage your Tax-Related Item withholding and acknowledge that should you fail to provide such information on a timely basis, the Company and or its stock plan broker administrator may be obligated to withhold amounts from you and it may be necessary for you to seek a refund directly from the tax authorities. To avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory rates or may take any other action required to avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance. If the Company does not satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items by the withholding of Shares and instead withholds proceeds from the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering maximum applicable rates, in which case you will receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash to the extent that any over-withheld amount has not otherwise been remitted to the applicable tax authority and will have no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent. 
 (c) Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be 

satisfied by the means previously described. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
 7. Tax and Legal Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, the Employer s or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND THE EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES. 
 8. Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
 9. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law, including all applicable foreign laws. 
 10. Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 11. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
 12. Voting and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares. In addition, you shall not have any rights to dividend equivalent payments with respect to Restricted Stock Units. 

13. Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (c) You understand that the Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and career with the Employer will not be adversely affected the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 14. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . 
 (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement. By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Restricted Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past. All decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 (b) The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. The value of the Restricted Stock Units is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment or service agreement (if any). 
 (c) You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
 (d) Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason. 
 (e) The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or service relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 

(f) The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Restricted Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease. You also understand that none of the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between the Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
 (g) No claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of the employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or providing Service, or the terms your employment or service agreement, if any) and, in consideration of the grant of the Award to which you are not otherwise entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Employer, the Company or its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates from any such claim if notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by accepting the Award, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed to not pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request the withdrawal of such claim. 
 (h) You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
 (i) You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
 (j) Unless otherwise provided in the Plan or this Agreement, or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units transferred to, or assumed by, another company, nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for in connection with any Corporate Transaction affecting the Common Stock. 
 15. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
 16. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 17. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 18. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
 19. Waiver . You agree that a waiver by the Company of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other participant. 
 20. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 21. Language . If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
 22. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 

23. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
 24. Acceptance of Agreement . You must expressly accept the terms and conditions of your Restricted Stock Units as set forth in this Agreement by electronically accepting this Agreement within 300 days after the Company sends this Agreement to you. If you do not accept your Restricted Stock Units in the manner instructed by the Company, your Restricted Stock Units will be subject to cancellation. 
 
 You acknowledge that by clicking on the I agree button below, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 
 PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in September 2012 
 and Prior to September 2013) 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 This Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows 
 
 Employee ID Grant Date Grant Number Restricted Stock Units First Vest Date 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Stock Units . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule ___________ percent (__ of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and on each __________ anniversary thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below. If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion, suspend vesting during the period of leave to the extent permitted under applicable local law. Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 3. Termination of Service . In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer actively providing Service and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law e.g. , active Service would not include a period of garden leave or similar period pursuant to local law) the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing Service for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 4. Special Acceleration . 
 (a) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction. No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent (i) these Restricted Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable restricted stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) these Restricted Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and preserves the fair market value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below. The determination of the comparability of restricted stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the deferred settlement of Restricted Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 

(c) If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 
 (d) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Change in Control, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control and shall become vested in full at that time and settled in accordance with Section 5 below. 
 (e) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 5. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . To the extent you are eligible but have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable tax and or other obligations pursuant to Section 6 below and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable law. To the extent you are eligible but have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon the earlier of (a) your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A Separation from Service and (b) the fixed payment date elected by you, if any, at the time of such deferral (which shall be the first business day of a year no earlier than six years after the year of the Grant Date in accordance with procedures approved by the Committee), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent your Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company s first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. 
 6. Taxes . 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the Employer takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Restricted Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (b) Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account obligations of the Company and or the Employer that arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization) (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding of Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan. To avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory rates or may take any other action required to avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance. 
 (c) Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
 
 7. Tax and Legal Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, your Employer s or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND YOUR EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR YOUR EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION 

REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES. 
 8. Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
 9. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law including all applicable foreign laws. 
 10. Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 11. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
 12. Voting and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares. In addition, you shall not have any rights to dividend equivalent payments with respect to Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 13. Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan . 
 (b) You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan . 
 (c) You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units, and your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative . 
 
 14. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . 
 (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement. By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Restricted Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted 

repeatedly in the past. All decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 (b) The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. The value of the Restricted Stock Units is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment agreement (if any). 
 (c) You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
 (d) Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, and a written employment agreement (if any). 
 (e) The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
 (f) The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Restricted Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease. You also understand that neither the Company, nor the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between your Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
 (g) In consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and you irrevocably release the Company and the Employer from any such claim that may arise if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your entitlement to pursue such claim. 
 (h) You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
 (i) You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
 (j) The Restricted Stock Units and the benefits under the Plan, if any, will not automatically transfer to another company in the case of a merger, take-over or transfer of liability. 
 15. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
 16. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 17. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 18. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
 19. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 

20. Language . If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
 21. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 22. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
 23. Acceptance of Agreement . You must expressly accept the terms and conditions of your Restricted Stock Units as set forth in this Agreement by electronically accepting this Agreement within 300 days after the Company sends this Agreement to you. If you do not accept your Restricted Stock Units in the manner instructed by the Company, your Restricted Stock Units will be subject to cancellation. 

You acknowledge that by clicking on the I agree button below, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 
 PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

(For Grants Beginning in September 2010 
 and Prior to September 2012) 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 This Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows 
 
 Employee ID Grant Date Grant Number Restricted Stock Units First Vest Date 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Stock Units . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . So long as your Service continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the First Vest Date and on each anniversary thereafter, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below. If you take a leave of absence, the Company may, at its discretion, suspend vesting during the period of leave to the extent permitted under applicable local law. Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 3. Termination of Service . In the event of the termination of your Service for any reason (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. For purposes of the preceding sentence, your right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units will terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer actively providing Service and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law e.g. , active Service would not include a period of garden leave or similar period pursuant to local law) the Company shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing Service for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 4. Special Acceleration . 
 (a) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically become vested in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction. No such accelerated vesting, however, shall occur if and to the extent (i) these Restricted Stock Units are, in connection with the Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with comparable restricted stock units of the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or (ii) these Restricted Stock Units are replaced with a cash incentive program of the successor corporation which complies with Code Section 409A and preserves the fair market value of the Restricted Stock Units at the time of the Corporate Transaction and provides for subsequent pay-out in accordance with the settlement provisions set forth in Section 5 below. The determination of the comparability of restricted stock units under clause (i) shall be made by the Committee, and such determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 
 (b) Immediately following the effective date of the Corporate Transaction, this Agreement shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except as set forth in Section 5 below with respect to the deferred settlement of Restricted Stock Units or to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) in connection with the Corporate Transaction. 
 (c) If this Agreement is assumed in connection with a Corporate Transaction, then the Committee shall appropriately adjust the number of units and the kind of shares or securities to be issued pursuant to this Agreement immediately after such Corporate Transaction. 

(d) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Change in Control, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control and shall become vested in full at that time and settled in accordance with Section 5 below. 
 (e) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 5. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . To the extent you are eligible but have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable tax and or other obligations pursuant to Section 6 below and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable law. To the extent you are eligible but have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon the earlier of (a) your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A Separation from Service and (b) the fixed payment date elected by you, if any, at the time of such deferral (which shall be the first business day of a year no earlier than five years after the year of the Grant Date in accordance with procedures approved by the Committee), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent your Restricted Stock Units would otherwise be settled upon your Separation from Service, such settlement shall instead occur upon the Company s first business day following the six-month anniversary of your Separation from Service. 
 6. Taxes . 
 (a) Regardless of any action the Company or your employer (the Employer takes with respect to any and all income tax, social taxes or insurance contributions, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you Tax-Related Items ), you acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items with respect to the Restricted Stock Units is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. You further acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting or the receipt of any dividends with respect to such Shares and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you become subject to taxation in more than one jurisdiction between the Grant Date and the date of any relevant taxable event, you acknowledge that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
 (b) Prior to any relevant tax, withholding or required deduction event, as applicable, you agree to make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for the satisfaction of any applicable tax, withholding, required deduction and payment on account obligations of the Company and or the Employer that arise in connection with the Restricted Stock Units. In this regard, you authorize the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy any obligations related to Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following (1) withholding from your wages or other cash compensation payable to you by the Company or the Employer (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization) (3) withholding of Shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or (4) requiring you to satisfy the liability for Tax-Related Items by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company. If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding of Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items due as a result of any aspect of your participation in the Plan. To avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory rates or may take any other action required to avoid financial accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance. 
 (c) Finally, you will pay to the Company or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan or your acquisition of Shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such obligations are satisfied. 
 7. Tax and Legal Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that neither the Company nor your Employer have made any warranties or representations to you with respect to any Tax-Related Items, legal or financial consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company, your Employer s or the Company s or the Employer s representatives for an assessment of such consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE LAWS GOVERNING THIS AWARD ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN PROFESSIONAL TAX, LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE COMPANY AND YOUR EMPLOYER ARE NOT PROVIDING ANY TAX, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, NOR IS THE COMPANY OR YOUR EMPLOYER MAKING ANY RECOMMENDATION REGARDING YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AWARD. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER OR OTHER PENALTIES. 

8. Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
 9. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law including all applicable foreign laws. 
 10. Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Instructions . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends and or appropriate stop-transfer instructions may be issued to the Company s transfer agent as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 11. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable laws. 
 12. Voting and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares. In addition, you shall not have any rights to dividend equivalent payments with respect to Restricted Stock Units. 
 13. Authorization to Release and Transfer Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal information as described in this Agreement by and among, as applicable, the Employer, and the Company and its Parent, Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) You understand that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number (or any other social or national identification number), salary, nationality, job title, residency status, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding (the Data for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in your country or elsewhere, including outside the European Economic Area, and that the recipient s country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purposes of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such Shares may be deposited. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (c) You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that you may, at any time, view the Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of the Data, require any necessary amendments to the Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein by contacting your local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to vest in or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units, and your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative. 
 14. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . 
 (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. The Plan may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this Agreement. By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Restricted Stock Units to you or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted repeatedly in the past. All decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock Units, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Committee. 
 (b) The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation and are not to be considered compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represent any portion of your salary, compensation or other remuneration for any purpose, including but not limited to, 

calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments, and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. The value of the Restricted Stock Units is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate and which is outside the scope of your written employment agreement (if any). 
 (c) You acknowledge that you are voluntarily participating in the Plan. 
 (d) Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to remain an Employee, Consultant or director of the Company, a Parent, Subsidiary or an Affiliate. The Employer reserves the right to terminate your Service at any time, with or without cause, and for any reason, subject to applicable laws, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, and a written employment agreement (if any). 
 (e) The grant of the Restricted Stock Units and your participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Company, the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate. 
 (f) The future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty and if you vest in the Restricted Stock Units and are issued Shares, the value of those Shares may increase or decrease. You also understand that neither the Company, nor the Employer or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate is responsible for any foreign exchange fluctuation between your Employer s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of this Award. 
 (g) In consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from termination of your Service by the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and you irrevocably release the Company and the Employer from any such claim that may arise if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived your entitlement to pursue such claim. 
 (h) You agree that the Company may require Shares received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units to be held by a broker designated by the Company. 
 (i) You agree that your rights hereunder (if any) shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
 (j) The Restricted Stock Units and the benefits under the Plan, if any, will not automatically transfer to another company in the case of a merger, take-over or transfer of liability. 
 15. Governing Law and Forum . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that may arise directly or indirectly from this Agreement, the parties hereby submit and consent to litigation in the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that any such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of California or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California and no other courts. 
 16. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 17. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 18. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
 19. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 
 20. Language . If this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan is translated into a language other than English and the meaning of the translated version is different from the English version, the English version will take precedence. 
 21. Appendix . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country of residence. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included 

in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 22. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. You agree to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. Furthermore, you acknowledge that the laws of the country in which you are working at the time of grant, vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the sale of Shares received pursuant to this Agreement (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor, or other matters) may subject you to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that you are and will be solely responsible for and must fulfill. 
 23. Acceptance of Agreement . You must expressly accept the terms and conditions of your Restricted Stock Units as set forth in this Agreement by electronically accepting this Agreement within 300 days after the Company sends this Agreement to you. If you do not accept your Restricted Stock Units in the manner instructed by the Company, your Restricted Stock Units will be subject to cancellation. 

You acknowledge that by clicking on the I agree button below, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. 
 PLEASE PRINT AND KEEP A COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS 

PERFORMANCE RSU LETTER 
 Date 
 Name 
 Address 
 Address 
 Dear 
 introductory text 
 Your leadership team has recommended that you receive a performance-based restricted stock unit (PRSU) right with a target of . RSUs will be granted after the end of FY based upon the satisfaction of an FY performance condition. 
 The right to receive a grant of a restricted stock unit depends on Cisco s satisfaction of certain targets for FY . Assuming those targets are met or exceeded, the restricted stock units that you are granted will vest percent on the date of grant and percent on each of the next anniversaries of the date of grant thereafter, subject to your continued employment with Cisco or an affiliate on the applicable vesting date. On each vesting date, the vested units will be settled in Cisco common stock. In addition, in the unlikely event that a corporate transaction or change in control (each as defined in Cisco s 2005 Stock Incentive Plan) is consummated during FY or prior to the Compensation and Management Development Committee s Certification regarding satisfaction of the FY performance conditions, the performance-based restricted stock unit right will be deemed fully earned at target (100 immediately prior to the effective date of the corporate transaction or the change in control, as the case may be, and will be settled in fully vested Cisco common stock at that time. 
 Lastly, please note that, if you are employed outside the United States, the Compensation and Management Development Committee can grant the PRSU Right to you, in its sole discretion, only if and as long as it is permitted and feasible to grant restricted stock units under the laws of the country in which you are employed. If local laws make the grant of restricted stock units illegal or impractical, Cisco will let you know as soon as possible. You are under no obligation to accept the PRSU Right or any restricted stock units that may subsequently be granted to you. 
 
 concluding text 
 Sincerely, 

A CTION R EQUIRED M UST BE RETURNED BY INSERT APPROPRIATE DATE 
 
 Deferral Election for Annual Equity Award 
 2005 Stock Incentive Plan 
 Name (Last, First, Middle Initial) Employee Number 
 You may use this form to 
 
 Indicate the percentage of your annual restricted stock unit grant under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan that you wish to defer. Your elected percentage will apply to each vesting installment of such grant. 
 
 Designate the settlement timing of the deferred portion of your vested annual restricted stock unit grant. 
 PLEASE REMEMBER THAT ONCE YOU MAKE AN ELECTION TO DEFER A RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT, YOU CANNOT REVOKE THAT ELECTION. 
 
 D EFERRAL E LECTION 
 Please select if you wish to defer restricted stock units fill in the appropriate blanks. 
 Restricted Stock Unit Grant I elect to defer (you may only insert 25 , 50 , 75 , or 100 of my annual restricted stock unit award anticipated to be granted under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan on , 201 (subject to my continued employment with the Company or the Employer). I understand that this elected percentage will apply to each vesting installment of this grant. 

S ETTLEMENT D ATE 
 Please complete this section to indicate settlement timing for the deferred portion of your vested annual restricted stock unit grant. You may only choose one alternative. 
 
 OR 
 Separation of Service 
 
 I elect to defer the settlement of the deferred portion of my vested annual restricted stock unit grant to my Separation from Service (as defined in Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code). 
 Date Specific (subject to earlier settlement upon separation from service) I elect to defer the settlement of the deferred portion of my vested annual restricted stock unit grant to the earlier of (i) my Separation from Service or (ii) the first business day of 20 (insert a year no earlier than and no later than . 

Any vested portion of the deferred portion of my restricted stock unit grant will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock. 

A CTION R EQUIRED M UST BE RETURNED BY INSERT APPROPRIATE DATE 
 
 Deferral Election for 
 Annual Equity Award 
 2005 Stock Incentive Plan 

I understand 
 
 To the extent I do not elect to defer the settlement of my restricted stock unit grant, such portion of the restricted stock unit grant will be automatically settled in shares of the Company s common stock upon the vesting of the restricted stock unit grant (subject to acceleration in certain cases), as more fully set forth in the Stock Unit Agreement. 
 
 Any vested portion of the deferred restricted stock unit grant will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock as elected by me above. 
 
 If my Separation from Service occurs before my restricted stock unit grant vests, any unvested restricted stock units will be forfeited as of the date my Separation from Service occurs. 
 
 Separation from Service is defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h). While separation from service generally means termination of employment, a Separation from Service can also occur in the case of certain leaves of absence or upon a significant reduction in my work schedule. These events can trigger a Separation from Service resulting in the forfeiture of my unvested restricted stock units. 
 
 Certain leaves of absence can result in the suspension of vesting of my unvested restricted stock units. If I take a leave of absence that suspends the vesting of my restricted stock units such that they are unvested as of the applicable distribution event (whether that is Separation from Service or a date specific I elected), my restricted stock units that are unvested at the time of such distribution event shall be forfeited. 
 
 Any employment taxes that are due upon the vesting of my restricted stock unit grant (including the deferred portion of my grant) shall be deducted at the time of vesting by one or a combination of the following 
 
 (1) withholding from my wages or other cash compensation payable to me by the Company or the Employer 
 
 (2) withholding from proceeds of the sale of shares acquired upon settlement of the restricted stock units either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on my behalf pursuant to this authorization) 
 
 (3) withholding of shares that would otherwise be issued upon settlement of the restricted stock units or 
 
 (4) requiring me to satisfy the liability for any employment taxes by means of any other arrangement approved by the Company. 
 
 The receipt of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to any restricted stock unit grant will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the value of the shares on the date the stock unit grant is settled and I receive shares of the Company s common stock. This is true whether or not I elect to defer settlement of my restricted stock units. 
 
 The settlement of the deferred portion of my annual restricted stock unit grant upon my Separation from Service will be delayed for six months. 
 
 ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED 

Signature of Participant Date 

Non-Employee Director Stock Unit 
 (Effective for Grants on and after 
 the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders) 

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a __________ corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows 
 Grantee Grant Date Grant Number Stock Units 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Stock Units . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
 2. Vesting of Stock Units . One-hundred percent (100 of the total number of Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the Grant Date. 
 3. Settlement of Stock Units . Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A Separation from Service ), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such issuance complies with all applicable law provided further, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after your Separation from Service. Prior to the time that the Stock Units are settled in Shares upon your Separation from Service, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 4. Tax Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY STOCK UNITS. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
 5. Non-Transferability of Stock Units . Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
 6. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 
 7. Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 8. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant 

to the Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 9. Voting, Dividend and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Stock Units are settled upon your Separation from Service. Dividend equivalents shall accrue and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon your Separation from Service. 
 10. Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby authorize and direct the Company to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the Data regarding your service, the nature and amount of your compensation and the facts and conditions of your participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or any other social or national identification number), compensation, nationality, job title, number of Shares held and the details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Stock Units or cash from the sale of such shares may be deposited. You acknowledge that recipients of the Data may be located in different countries, and those countries may have data privacy laws and protections different from those in the country of your residence. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) You may at any time withdraw the consents herein by contacting the Company s local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to exercise or realize benefits from these Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan. 
 11. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
 12. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company's records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 13. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 14. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

Non-Employee Director Annual RSU Grant 
 (For Grants Effective on and after the Date of the 
 Company's 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders until One Day Prior to the Date of 
 the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders) 
 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows 
 Grantee Grant Date Grant Number Restricted Stock Units Vest Date The completion of one (1) year of Board service measured from the Grant Date. 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Stock Units . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . So long as your service on the Board continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule one-hundred percent (100 of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the Vest Date, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below. 
 3. Termination of Service . Except as provided in Section 4 below, in the event of the termination of your Board service for any reason, all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. 
 4. Special Acceleration . 
 (a) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction or a Change in Control, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction or the Change in Control, as the case may be, and shall become vested in full at that time. 
 (b) If your service on the Board ceases as a result of your death or Disability, to the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate and shall become vested in full at that time. 
 (c) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 5. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . To the extent you have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law. To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A Separation from Service ), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless 

such issuance complies with all applicable law. Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 6. Tax Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
 7. Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
 8. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 
 9. Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 10. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 11. Voting, Dividend and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares. To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of Restricted Stock Units with a Grant Date on or after the Company s 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, dividend equivalents shall accrue after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon your Separation from Service. 
 12. Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby authorize and direct the Company to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the Data regarding your service, the nature and amount of your compensation and the facts and conditions of your participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or any other social or national identification number), compensation, nationality, job title, number of Shares held and the details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such shares may be deposited. You acknowledge that recipients of the Data may be located in different countries, and those countries may have data privacy laws and protections different from those in the country of your residence. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) You may at any time withdraw the consents herein by contacting the Company s local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to exercise or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan. 

13. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . 
 (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Awards to you. These Restricted Stock Units are not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of your compensation or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 
 (b) Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to continue to serve on the Board of the Company for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company or the Company s shareholders, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate your service on the Board at any time, for any reason, with or without cause, in accordance with the provisions of applicable law, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. You shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan, these Restricted Stock Units or any outstanding Award that is forfeited and or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. 
 (c) You agree that your rights hereunder shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
 14. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
 15. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 16. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 (a) 17. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR ANNUAL RSU GRANT 
 (For Grants Beginning Fiscal 2009 Through the Date that is 
 One Day Prior to the Date of the Company's 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders) 
 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 This Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows 
 Grantee Grant Date Grant Number Restricted Stock Units Vest Date The completion of one (1) year of Board service measured from the Grant Date. 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Stock Units . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . So long as your service on the Board continues, the Restricted Stock Units shall vest in accordance with the following schedule one-hundred percent (100 of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the Vest Date, unless otherwise provided by the Plan or Section 4 below. 
 3. Termination of Service . Except as provided in Section 4 below, in the event of the termination of your Board service for any reason, all unvested Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited without consideration. 
 4. Special Acceleration . 
 (a) To the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding at the time of a Corporate Transaction or a Change in Control, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate immediately prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction or the Change in Control, as the case may be, and shall become vested in full at that time. 
 (b) If your service on the Board ceases as a result of your death or Disability, to the extent the Restricted Stock Units are outstanding, such Restricted Stock Units shall automatically accelerate and shall become vested in full at that time. 
 (c) This Agreement shall not in any way affect the right of the Company to adjust, reclassify, reorganize or otherwise change its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, liquidate, sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 5. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . To the extent you have not elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon vesting of such Restricted Stock Units, provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law. To the extent you have elected to defer settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the vested portion of the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in Shares upon your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A Separation from Service ), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless such issuance complies with all applicable law. 
 6. Tax Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND 

REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
 7. Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
 8. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 
 
 9. Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 10. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 11. Voting and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled upon vesting. 
 12. Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby authorize and direct the Company to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the Data regarding your service, the nature and amount of your compensation and the facts and conditions of your participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or any other social or national identification number), compensation, nationality, job title, number of Shares held and the details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such shares may be deposited. You acknowledge that recipients of the Data may be located in different countries, and those countries may have data privacy laws and protections different from those in the country of your residence. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled upon vesting, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 (c) You may at any time withdraw the consents herein by contacting the Company s local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to exercise or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units, and your ability to participate in the Plan. 
 13. No Entitlement or Claims for Compensation . 
 (a) Your rights, if any, in respect of or in connection with these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award are derived solely from the discretionary decision of the Company to permit you to participate in the Plan and to benefit from a discretionary Award. By accepting these Restricted Stock Units, you expressly acknowledge that there is no obligation on the part of the Company to continue the Plan and or grant any additional Awards to you. These Restricted Stock Units are not intended to be compensation of a continuing or recurring nature, or part of your normal or expected compensation, and in no way represents any portion of a your compensation or other remuneration for purposes of pension benefits, severance, redundancy, resignation or any other purpose. 
 (b) Neither the Plan nor these Restricted Stock Units or any other Award granted under the Plan shall be deemed to give you a right to continue to serve on the Board of the Company for any period of specific duration or interfere with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Company or the Company s shareholders, which rights are hereby expressly reserved by each, to terminate your service on the Board at any time, for any reason, with or without cause, in accordance with the provisions of applicable law, the Company s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. You shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived any claim to damages or specific performance for breach of contract or dismissal, compensation for loss of office, tort or otherwise with respect to the Plan, these Restricted Stock Units or any outstanding Award that is forfeited and or is terminated by its terms or to any future Award. 

(c) You agree that your rights hereunder shall be subject to set-off by the Company for any valid debts you owe the Company. 
 14. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
 15. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 16. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 17. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR STOCK UNIT 
 IN LIEU OF ANNUAL RETAINER 
 (For Grants Effective on and after the Date of the 
 Company's 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Prior to the 
 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders) 
 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows 
 Grantee Grant Date Grant Number Restricted Stock Units 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Stock Units . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . One-hundred percent (100 of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the Grant Date. 
 3. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A Separation from Service ), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until such issuance complies with all applicable law. Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares upon your Separation from Service, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 4. Tax Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
 5. Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. 
 6. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer 

agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 
 7. Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 8. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 9. Voting, Dividend and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement and except as set forth below, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled upon your Separation from Service. Dividend equivalents shall accrue and will be subject to the same conditions and restrictions as the Restricted Stock Units to which they attach as set forth in the Plan or this Agreement and will be settled in additional Shares upon your Separation from Service. 
 10. Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby authorize and direct the Company to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the Data regarding your service, the nature and amount of your compensation and the facts and conditions of your participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or any other social or national identification number), compensation, nationality, job title, number of Shares held and the details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such shares may be deposited. You acknowledge that recipients of the Data may be located in different countries, and those countries may have data privacy laws and protections different from those in the country of your residence. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) You may at any time withdraw the consents herein by contacting the Company s local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to exercise or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units and your ability to participate in the Plan. 
 11. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
 12. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company's records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 13. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 14. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 

NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR STOCK UNIT 
 IN LIEU OF ANNUAL RETAINER 
 (For Grants Effective Prior to the Date of the 
 Company's 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders) 
 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 This Stock Unit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into as of the Grant Date (as defined below) by and between Cisco Systems, Inc., a California corporation (the Company ), and you pursuant to the Cisco Systems, Inc. 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The material terms of this Stock Unit Award are as follows 
 
 Grantee Grant Date Grant Number Restricted Stock Units 
 To the extent any capitalized terms used in this Agreement are not defined, they shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Plan. In the event of a conflict between the terms and provisions of the Plan and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Plan terms and provisions shall prevail. 
 In consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Restricted Stock Units . Pursuant to the Plan, the Company hereby grants to you, and you hereby accept from the Company, Restricted Stock Units, each of which is a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent in value of one (1) Share, on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . One-hundred percent (100 of the total number of Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Agreement shall vest on the Grant Date. 
 3. Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . Restricted Stock Units shall be automatically settled in Shares upon your separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A Separation from Service ), provided that the Company shall have no obligation to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement unless and until you have satisfied any applicable tax withholding obligations and such issuance otherwise complies with all applicable law. 
 4. Tax Advice . You represent, warrant and acknowledge that the Company has made no warranties or representations to you with respect to the income tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and you are in no manner relying on the Company or the Company s representatives for an assessment of such tax consequences. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING ANY RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS. NOTHING STATED HEREIN IS INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING TAXPAYER PENALTIES. 
 5. Non-Transferability of Restricted Stock Units . Restricted Stock Units shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process, whether voluntarily or involuntarily or by operation of law. However, this Section 5 shall not preclude you from designating a beneficiary who will receive vested Shares pursuant to this award in the event of your death, nor shall it preclude a transfer of vested Shares pursuant to this award by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
 6. Restriction on Transfer . Regardless of whether the transfer or issuance of the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units has been registered under the Securities Act or has been registered or qualified under the securities laws of any state, the Company may impose additional restrictions upon the sale, pledge, or other transfer of the Shares (including the placement of appropriate legends on stock certificates and the issuance of stop-transfer instructions to the Company s transfer agent) if, in the judgment of the Company and the Company s counsel, such restrictions are necessary in order to achieve compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state, or any other law. 

7. Stock Certificate Restrictive Legends . Stock certificates evidencing the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may bear such restrictive legends as the Company and the Company s counsel deem necessary under applicable law or pursuant to this Agreement. 
 8. Representations, Warranties, Covenants, and Acknowledgments . You hereby agree that in the event the Company and the Company s counsel deem it necessary or advisable in the exercise of their discretion, the transfer or issuance of the Shares issued pursuant to the Restricted Stock Units may be conditioned upon you making certain representations, warranties, and acknowledgments relating to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 9. Voting and Other Rights . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you shall not have any voting rights or any other rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company unless and until the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares upon your Separation from Service. 
 10. Authorization to Release Necessary Personal Information . 
 (a) You hereby authorize and direct the Company to collect, use and transfer in electronic or other form, any personal information (the Data regarding your service, the nature and amount of your compensation and the facts and conditions of your participation in the Plan (including, but not limited to, your name, home address, telephone number, date of birth, social security number (or any other social or national identification number), compensation, nationality, job title, number of Shares held and the details of all Awards or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding) for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that the Data may be transferred to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party assisting with the administration of these Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or with whom Shares acquired pursuant to these Restricted Stock Units or cash from the sale of such shares may be deposited. You acknowledge that recipients of the Data may be located in different countries, and those countries may have data privacy laws and protections different from those in the country of your residence. Furthermore, you acknowledge and understand that the transfer of the Data to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or to any third parties is necessary for your participation in the Plan. 
 (b) Prior to the time that the Restricted Stock Units are settled in Shares upon your Separation from Service, you shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. The Restricted Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 (c) You may at any time withdraw the consents herein by contacting the Company s local human resources representative in writing. You further acknowledge that withdrawal of consent may affect your ability to exercise or realize benefits from these Restricted Stock Units, and your ability to participate in the Plan. 
 11. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. 
 12. Notices . Any notice required or permitted under the terms of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient when delivered personally or sent by confirmed email, telegram, or fax or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the Company at the Company s principal corporate offices or to you at the address maintained for you in the Company s records or, in either case, as subsequently modified by written notice to the other party. 
 13. Binding Effect . Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 14. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, it shall be adjusted rather than voided, if possible, in order to achieve the intent of the parties to the extent possible. In any event, all other provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed valid and enforceable to the full extent possible. 
 
 DATED 
 
 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 By Title GRANTEE 

(Effective For Elections for Compensation 
 Made On And After The Date of The Company s 
 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders) 
 
 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR ELECTIONS 
 INITIAL ANNUAL RETAINER, COMMITTEE RETAINERS FEES, 
 OTHER CASH FEES & EQUITY GRANT 
 INITIAL ANNUAL RETAINER, COMMITTEE RETAINERS FEES AND OTHER CASH FEES 
 The alternatives for the fiscal ________ initial annual retainer, committee retainers fees and other cash fees for non-employee members of the Board of Directors of Cisco Systems, Inc. (the Company are 
 a non-deferred cash payment (default option), 
 a deferred cash payment under the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan (the DCP ), 
 a vested stock grant under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ), and or 
 a vested deferred stock unit DSU grant under the Plan. 
 If you make no elections below, you will receive your full initial annual retainer, committee retainers fees and other cash fees in non-deferred cash. 
 INITIAL ANNUAL RETAINER 
 I, being a prospective newly elected or appointed non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company, hereby make the below election with respect to my initial annual retainer for the first year (or partial year) of Board service commencing on the date of my election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 Alternative Election Election under the DCP Separation from Service Non-Deferred Cash 
 (default option) 

N A Deferred Cash under the Deferred Compensation Plan 
 I elect to receive my DCP account balance (choose one of the options below) 
 as soon as practicable after my Separation from Service, but no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 as soon as practicable in the calendar year following the calendar year of my Separation from Service, but no later than January 31. 
 Vested Stock Grant 

N A 
 Vested DSU Grant 
 N A 

COMMITTEE RETAINERS FEES AND OTHER CASH FEES 
 I, being a prospective newly elected or appointed non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company, hereby make the below election with respect to my committee retainers fees and other cash fees (such as for serving as Lead Independent Director) for the first year (or partial year) of Board service commencing on the date of my election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 Alternative Election Election under the DCP Separation from Service Non-Deferred Cash 
 (default option) 

N A Deferred Cash under the Deferred Compensation Plan 
 I elect to receive my DCP account balance (choose one of the options below) 
 as soon as practicable after my Separation from Service, but no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 as soon as practicable in the calendar year following the calendar year of my Separation from Service, but no later than January 31. 
 Vested Stock Grant 

N A 
 Vested DSU Grant 
 N A 

I understand the following 
 If I elect to receive deferred cash under the DCP 
 I authorize the Company to share my personal information with the third-party DCP administrator so that the DCP administrator can begin the enrollment process in order for me to make investment and beneficiary elections pursuant to the terms of the DCP. 
 I will receive my DCP account balance in a cash lump sum, taxable as ordinary income, pursuant to my election above. If I make no election, I will receive my DCP account balance as soon as practicable after my Separation from Service within the meaning under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, which generally will be the date my service as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company terminates provided however, such payment date will be no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 If I elect to receive a vested stock grant , the shares will be granted on the date of my election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company based on the closing value of the Company s common stock on such date (the Fair Market Value ), the shares will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the Fair Market Value, and I will receive the shares as soon as practicable after that date. 
 If I elect to receive a vested DSU grant 
 The DSU grant will be granted on the date of my election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company based on the Fair Market Value. 
 The DSU grant will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 

Dividend equivalents will accrue on the DSU grant and will be credited as additional DSUs to be settled in additional shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 Receipt of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the DSU grant will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the value of the shares on the date the DSU grant is settled and I receive shares of the Company s common stock. 

INITIAL EQUITY GRANT ELECTION ON NEXT PAGE 

INITIAL EQUITY GRANT 
 I further (check one) (i) ELECT or (ii) DO NOT ELECT to defer the issuance of my initial stock grant of fully vested shares of stock anticipated to be granted under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan on the date of my election or appointment in connection with my initial election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company for the year of Board service commencing on such date. 
 I understand the following 
 If I do not elect to defer the issuance of my initial stock grant, the shares will be granted on the date of my election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company based on the closing value of the Company s common stock on such date (the Fair Market Value ), the shares will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the Fair Market Value, and I will receive the shares as soon as practicable after that date. 
 If I elect to defer the issuance of my initial stock grant 
 The grant will not be issued in shares of the Company s common stock as set forth above, but instead will be granted as a fully vested deferred stock unit DSU on the date of my election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company based on the Fair Market Value. 
 The DSU grant will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service within the meaning under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 Dividend equivalents will accrue on the DSU grant and will be credited as additional DSUs to be settled in additional shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 Receipt of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the DSU grant will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the value of the shares on the date the DSU grant is settled and I receive shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 I understand that these elections will be effective only if received by the Company s Legal Department on or before the date of my election or appointment. 
 
 Signature of Non-Employee Director Date 
 
 Because individual circumstances vary, Cisco Systems, Inc. cannot provide tax advice and you should consult with your own tax advisor regarding the income tax consequences of your potential elections. 

(Effective For Elections for Compensation 
 Made On And After The Date of The Company s 
 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders) 
 
 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR ELECTIONS 
 ANNUAL RETAINER, COMMITTEE RETAINERS FEES, OTHER CASH FEES & EQUITY GRANT 
 ANNUAL RETAINER, COMMITTEE RETAINERS FEES AND OTHER CASH FEES 
 The alternatives for the fiscal ________ annual retainer (anticipated to be 80,000), committee retainers fees and other cash fees for non-employee members of the Board of Directors of Cisco Systems, Inc. (the Company are 
 a non-deferred cash payment (default option), 
 a deferred cash payment under the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan (the DCP ), 
 a vested stock grant under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ), and or 
 a vested deferred stock unit DSU grant under the Plan. 
 If you make no elections below, you will receive your full annual retainer, committee retainers fees and other cash fees in non-deferred cash. 
 ANNUAL RETAINER 
 I, being a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company, hereby make the below election with respect to my annual retainer for the next year of Board service commencing at the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders 
 Alternative Election Election under the DCP Separation from Service Non-Deferred Cash 
 (default option) 

N A Deferred Cash under the Deferred Compensation Plan 
 I elect to receive my DCP account balance (choose one of the options below) 
 as soon as practicable after my Separation from Service, but no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 as soon as practicable in the calendar year following the calendar year of my Separation from Service, but no later than January 31. 
 Vested Stock Grant 

N A 
 Vested DSU Grant 
 N A 

COMMITTEE RETAINERS FEES AND OTHER CASH FEES 
 I, being a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company, hereby make the below election with respect to my committee retainers fees and other cash fees (such as for serving as Lead Independent Director) for the next year of Board service commencing at the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders 
 Alternative Election Election under the DCP Separation from Service Non-Deferred Cash 
 (default option) 

N A Deferred Cash under the Deferred Compensation Plan 
 I elect to receive my DCP account balance (choose one of the options below) 
 as soon as practicable after my Separation from Service, but no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 as soon as practicable in the calendar year following the calendar year of my Separation from Service, but no later than January 31. 
 Vested Stock Grant 

N A 
 Vested DSU Grant 
 N A 

I understand the following 
 If I elect to receive deferred cash under the DCP 
 I authorize the Company to share my personal information with the third-party DCP administrator so that the DCP administrator can begin the enrollment process in order for me to make investment and beneficiary elections pursuant to the terms of the DCP. 
 I will receive my DCP account balance in a cash lump sum, taxable as ordinary income, pursuant to my election above. If I make no election, I will receive my DCP account balance as soon as practicable after my Separation from Service within the meaning under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, which generally will be the date my service as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company terminates provided however, such payment date will be no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 If I elect to receive a vested stock grant , the shares will be granted on the date of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders based on the closing value of the Company s common stock on such date (the Fair Market Value ), the shares will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the Fair Market Value, and I will receive the shares as soon as practicable after that date. 
 If I elect to receive a vested DSU grant 
 The DSU grant will be granted on the date of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders based on the Fair Market Value. 
 The DSU grant will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 Dividend equivalents will accrue on the DSU grant and will be credited as additional DSUs to be settled in additional shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 

Receipt of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the DSU grant will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the value of the shares on the date the DSU grant is settled and I receive shares of the Company s common stock. 

ANNUAL EQUITY GRANT ELECTION ON NEXT PAGE 

ANNUAL EQUITY GRANT 
 I further (check one) (i) ELECT or (ii) DO NOT ELECT to defer the issuance of my annual stock grant of fully vested shares of stock anticipated to be granted under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan on the date of the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders for the year of Board service commencing at the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 I understand the following 
 If I do not elect to defer the issuance of my annual stock grant, the shares will be granted on the date of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders based on the closing value of the Company s common stock on such date (the Fair Market Value ), the shares will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the Fair Market Value, and I will receive the shares as soon as practicable after that date. 
 If I elect to defer the issuance of my annual stock grant 
 The grant will not be issued in shares of the Company s common stock as set forth above, but instead will be granted as a fully vested deferred stock unit DSU on the date of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders based on the Fair Market Value. 
 The DSU grant will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service within the meaning under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 Dividend equivalents will accrue on the DSU grant and will be credited as additional DSUs to be settled in additional shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 Receipt of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the DSU grant will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the value of the shares on the date the DSU grant is settled and I receive shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 I understand that these elections will be effective only if received by _______________ on or before December 31, PRECEDING YEAR . 
 
 Signature of Non-Employee Director Date 
 
 Because individual circumstances vary, Cisco Systems, Inc. cannot provide tax advice and you should consult with your own tax advisor regarding the income tax consequences of your potential elections. 

(Effective December 2016 until prior to 
 the Company s 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders) 
 
 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR ELECTIONS INITIAL ANNUAL RETAINER & EQUITY GRANT 
 INITIAL ANNUAL RETAINER 
 The alternatives for the fiscal ________ initial annual retainer for non-employee members of the Board of Directors of Cisco Systems, Inc. (the Company are 
 a non-deferred cash payment (default option), 
 a deferred cash payment under the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan (the DCP ), 
 a vested stock grant under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ), and or 
 a vested deferred stock unit DSU grant under the Plan. 
 If you make no elections below, you will receive your full initial annual retainer in non-deferred cash. 
 I, being a prospective newly elected or appointed non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company, hereby make the below elections with respect to my initial annual retainer for the first year (or partial year) of Board service commencing on the date of my election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company. (The Election Amount must total 100 .) 
 Alternative Election Amount (0 to 100 , in increments of 25 Election under the DCP Separation from Service Non-Deferred Cash 
 (default option) 

(e.g. 0 , 25 , 50 , 75 or 100 
 N A Deferred Cash under the Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 I elect to receive my DCP account balance (choose one of the options below) 
 as soon as practicable after my Separation from Service, but no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 as soon as practicable in the calendar year following the calendar year of my Separation from Service, but no later than January 31. 
 Vested Stock Grant 

N A 
 Vested DSU Grant 
 N A 
 TOTAL 
 
 100 

I understand the following 
 If I elect to receive deferred cash under the DCP 
 o I authorize the Company to share my personal information with the third-party DCP administrator so that the DCP administrator can begin the enrollment process in order for me to make investment and beneficiary elections pursuant to the terms of the DCP. 
 o I will receive my DCP account balance in a cash lump sum, taxable as ordinary income, pursuant to my election above. If I make no election, I will receive my DCP account balance as soon as practicable after my Separation from Service within the meaning under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, which generally will be the date my service as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company terminates provided however, such payment date will be no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 
 If I elect to receive a vested stock grant , the shares will be granted on the date of my election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company based on the closing value of the Company s common stock on such date (the Fair Market Value ), the shares will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the Fair Market Value, and I will receive the shares as soon as practicable after that date. 
 If I elect to receive a vested DSU grant 
 o The DSU grant will be granted on the date of my election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company based on the Fair Market Value. 
 o The DSU grant will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 o Dividend equivalents will accrue on the DSU grant and will be credited as additional DSUs to be settled in additional shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 o Receipt of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the DSU grant will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the value of the shares on the date the DSU grant is settled and I receive shares of the Company s common stock. 

INITIAL EQUITY GRANT ELECTION ON NEXT PAGE 

INITIAL EQUITY GRANT 
 I further (check one) (i) ELECT or (ii) DO NOT ELECT to defer the issuance of my initial stock grant of fully vested shares of stock anticipated to be granted under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan on the date of my election or appointment in connection with my initial election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company for the year of Board service commencing on such date. 
 I understand the following 
 If I do not elect to defer the issuance of my initial stock grant, the shares will be granted on the date of my election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company based on the closing value of the Company s common stock on such date (the Fair Market Value ), the shares will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the Fair Market Value, and I will receive the shares as soon as practicable after that date. 
 If I elect to defer the issuance of my initial stock grant 
 o The grant will not be issued in shares of the Company s common stock as set forth above, but instead will be granted as a fully vested deferred stock unit DSU on the date of my election or appointment as a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company based on the Fair Market Value. 
 o The DSU grant will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service within the meaning under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 o Dividend equivalents will accrue on the DSU grant and will be credited as additional DSUs to be settled in additional shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 o Receipt of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the DSU grant will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the value of the shares on the date the DSU grant is settled and I receive shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 I understand that these elections will be effective only if received by the Company s Legal Department on or before the date of my election or appointment. 
 Signature of Non-Employee Director Date 
 
 Because individual circumstances vary, Cisco Systems, Inc. cannot provide tax advice and you should consult with your own tax advisor regarding the income tax consequences of your potential elections. 

(Effective December 2016 until prior to 
 the Company s 2021 Annual Meeting Of Shareholders) 
 
 NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR ELECTIONS ANNUAL RETAINER & EQUITY GRANT 
 ANNUAL RETAINER 
 The alternatives for the fiscal ________ annual retainer (anticipated to be 75,000) for non-employee members of the Board of Directors of Cisco Systems, Inc. (the Company are 
 a non-deferred cash payment (default option), 
 a deferred cash payment under the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan (the DCP ), 
 a vested stock grant under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan ), and or 
 a vested deferred stock unit DSU grant under the Plan. 
 If you make no elections below, you will receive your full annual retainer in non-deferred cash. 
 I, being a non-employee member of the Board of Directors of the Company, hereby make the below elections with respect to my annual retainer for the next year of Board service commencing at the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders. (The Election Amount must total 100 .) 
 Alternative Election Amount (0 to 100 , in increments of 25 Election under the DCP Separation from Service Non-Deferred Cash 
 (default option) 

(e.g. 0 , 25 , 50 , 75 or 100 
 N A Deferred Cash under the Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 I elect to receive my DCP account balance (choose one of the options below) 
 as soon as practicable after my Separation from Service, but no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 as soon as practicable in the calendar year following the calendar year of my Separation from Service, but no later than January 31. 
 Vested Stock Grant 

N A 
 Vested DSU Grant 
 N A 
 TOTAL 
 
 100 

I understand the following 
 If I elect to receive deferred cash under the DCP 
 o I authorize the Company to share my personal information with the third-party DCP administrator so that the DCP administrator can begin the enrollment process in order for me to make investment and beneficiary elections pursuant to the terms of the DCP. 
 o I will receive my DCP account balance in a cash lump sum, taxable as ordinary income, pursuant to my election above. If I make no election, I will receive my DCP account balance as soon as practicable after my Separation from Service within the meaning under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, which generally will be the date my service as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company terminates provided however, such payment date will be no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 
 If I elect to receive a vested stock grant , the shares will be granted on the date of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders based on the closing value of the Company s common stock on such date (the Fair Market Value ), the shares will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the Fair Market Value, and I will receive the shares as soon as practicable after that date. 
 If I elect to receive a vested DSU grant 
 o The DSU grant will be granted on the date of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders based on the Fair Market Value. 
 o The DSU grant will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 o Dividend equivalents will accrue on the DSU grant and will be credited as additional DSUs to be settled in additional shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 o Receipt of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the DSU grant will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the value of the shares on the date the DSU grant is settled and I receive shares of the Company s common stock. 

ANNUAL EQUITY GRANT ELECTION ON NEXT PAGE 

ANNUAL EQUITY GRANT 
 I further (check one) (i) ELECT or (ii) DO NOT ELECT to defer the issuance of my annual stock grant of fully vested shares of stock anticipated to be granted under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan on the date of the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders for the year of Board service commencing at the next Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 
 I understand the following 
 If I do not elect to defer the issuance of my annual stock grant, the shares will be granted on the date of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders based on the closing value of the Company s common stock on such date (the Fair Market Value ), the shares will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the Fair Market Value, and I will receive the shares as soon as practicable after that date. 
 If I elect to defer the issuance of my annual stock grant 
 o The grant will not be issued in shares of the Company s common stock as set forth above, but instead will be granted as a fully vested deferred stock unit DSU on the date of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders based on the Fair Market Value. 
 o The DSU grant will be settled in shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service within the meaning under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 o Dividend equivalents will accrue on the DSU grant and will be credited as additional DSUs to be settled in additional shares of the Company s common stock on, or as soon as practicable after, my Separation from Service provided however, such settlement shall occur no later than 30 days after my Separation from Service. 
 o Receipt of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the DSU grant will be taxed as ordinary income to me based on the value of the shares on the date the DSU grant is settled and I receive shares of the Company s common stock. 

I understand that these elections will be effective only if received by _______________ on or before _________ December 31, PRECEDING YEAR . 
 
 Signature of Non-Employee Director Date 
 
 Because individual circumstances vary, Cisco Systems, Inc. cannot provide tax advice and you should consult with your own tax advisor regarding the income tax consequences of your potential elections. 

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 VESTING ACCELERATION POLICY 
 FOR 
 DEATH AND TERMINAL ILLNESS 
 AS AMENDED APRIL 11, 2022 
 Unless and until the Compensation & Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors of Cisco Systems, Inc. determines otherwise, the following policy shall be applied to all outstanding equity awards issued under any equity plan maintained Cisco or any Cisco subsidiary, including outstanding equity awards and or equity plans assumed by Cisco in connection with its acquisition of companies, and held by any employee of Cisco or any Cisco subsidiary (each such award shall be referred to herein as an equity award ), except to the extent that the application of such policy would be prohibited by any applicable law, rule or regulation or would result in adverse legal or tax consequences thereunder. 
 For purposes of this policy 
 
 the value of stock options and stock appreciation rights is based on the difference between the exercise price of the equity awards and the closing price of Cisco s stock on the date of the employee s death or terminal illness, as applicable, or if such day is not a trading day, the last trading day prior to the date of death or terminal illness, as applicable 
 
 the value of stock grants, stock unites, and unvested shares previously acquired pursuant to equity awards (such shares are referred to herein as unvested equity award shares is based on the difference between the purchase price, if any, and the closing price of Cisco s stock on the date of the employee s death or terminal illness, as applicable, or if such day is not a trading day, the last trading day prior to the date of death or terminal illness, as applicable 
 
 unvested equity award shares includes outstanding and unvested performance-based restricted stock or stock unit awards and the accelerated vesting of such awards will be deemed to occur at target levels, subject to the specified limits below and 
 
 to the extent the vesting of any performance-based restricted stock or stock unit award is accelerated pursuant to this policy, the award will be settled upon the death or terminal illness of an employee, as the case may be, except that if the applicable award is subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code Code Section 409A and such terminal illness does not qualify as a Disability within the meaning of Code Section 409A, then the award will instead be settled on the fixed payment date following the end of the performance period on which the applicable award is normally paid out. 
 ACCELERATION UPON DEATH OF EMPLOYEE 
 Upon the death of an employee, which includes a former employee who becomes or is deemed eligible for retirement vesting of a performance-based restricted stock or stock unit award on or after April 11, 2022, Cisco will accelerate the vesting of the employee s outstanding equity awards and any unvested equity award shares up to a specified limit based on the value of the equity awards and or shares on the date of death. The limit on the amount of accelerated vesting is the greater of (a) one-hundred percent (100 of the unvested equity awards and or unvested equity award shares up to a total value of 10 million or (b) up to one year of vesting from the date of death as to all unvested equity awards and or unvested equity award shares. For example, if an employee held unvested options for 100,000 shares with an exercise price of 1 which would vest in four annual installments of 25,000 shares, and the closing price of Cisco s stock on the date of the employee s death was 101, all 100,000 of the shares would become vested (100,000 shares x 100 (the difference between 101 and 1) 10,000,000). 
 ACCELERATION UPON TERMINAL ILLNESS OF EMPLOYEE 
 Upon the terminal illness of an employee, which includes a former employee who becomes or is deemed eligible for retirement vesting of a performance-based restricted stock or stock unit award on or after April 11, 2022, Cisco will accelerate the vesting of the employee s outstanding equity awards and any unvested equity award shares up to a specified limit based on the value of the equity awards and or shares on the date of the terminal illness. An employee will be considered terminally ill upon the approval by Cisco s employee life insurance provider of the accelerated life insurance benefit which indicates 12 months or less to live. When a request is made to accelerate the vesting of an employee s outstanding equity awards and early life insurance payouts are not also requested, an employee will be considered terminally ill upon the approval by Cisco s external, independent medical review vendor (which may include Cisco s employee life insurance provider). The date of terminal illness will be the date the determination is made by Cisco s employee life insurance provider or Cisco s external, independent medical review vendor. The limit on the amount of accelerated vesting is the greater of (a) one-hundred percent (100 of the unvested equity awards and or unvested equity award shares up to a total value of 10 million or (b) up to one year of vesting from the date of the terminal illness as to all unvested equity awards and or unvested equity award shares. For example, if an employee holds unvested options for 100,000 shares with an exercise price of 1 which would vest in four annual installments of 25,000 shares, and the closing price of Cisco s stock on the date that the employee is determined to be terminally ill was 101, all 100,000 of the shares would become vested (100,000 shares x 100 (the difference between 101 and 1) 10,000,000). 

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 VESTING POLICY 
 FOR 
 LEAVES OF ABSENCE 
 AS AMENDED JANUARY 27, 2016 
 Unless and until the Compensation & Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors of Cisco Systems, Inc. determines otherwise, the following policy shall be applied to all outstanding equity awards issued under any equity plan maintained Cisco or any Cisco subsidiary, including outstanding equity awards and or equity plans assumed by Cisco in connection with its acquisition of companies, and held by any employee of Cisco or any Cisco subsidiary (each such award shall be referred to herein as an equity award ), except to the extent that the application of such policy would be prohibited by any applicable law, rule or regulation or would result in adverse legal or tax consequences thereunder. 
 90 DAYS CONTINUED VESTING ON AUTHORIZED LEAVES OF ABSENCE 
 The exercise or vesting schedule in effect for any outstanding equity award and any unvested shares previously acquired pursuant to any equity award (such shares referred to herein as unvested equity award shares held by an employee at the time of the employee s commencement of an authorized leave of absence shall continue to vest and or become exercisable in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the applicable equity award agreement during the period the employee remains on such authorized leave of absence provided that, in no event shall any employee be entitled to vest for more than 90 days of authorized leaves of absence during any rolling 12-month period (the LOA Limit ). 
 If an employee exceeds the LOA Limit during any rolling 12-month period, the unvested equity award shares held by such an employee shall be suspended immediately following the expiration of the LOA Limit and the equity award and any unvested equity shares shall not vest and or become exercisable for any additional shares during the remainder of the rolling 12-month period. 

CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 TRANSFER POLICY 
 FOR 
 DIVORCE 
 AS AMENDED MARCH 9, 2022 
 Unless and until the Compensation & Management Development Committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of Cisco Systems, Inc. Cisco determines otherwise, the following policy shall be applied to all equity awards issued under any equity plan maintained Cisco or any Cisco subsidiary, including equity awards and or equity plans assumed by Cisco in connection with its acquisition of companies, and held by any non-employee member of the Board or employee of Cisco or any Cisco subsidiary (each such award shall be referred to herein as an equity award ), except to the extent that the application of such policy would be prohibited by the applicable equity plan, equity award agreement or any applicable law, rule or regulation. 
 PROHIBITION ON TRANSFER OF EQUITY AWARDS UPON DIVORCE 
 Except as provided below, equity awards and any unvested shares acquired pursuant to equity awards shall not be anticipated, assigned, attached, garnished, optioned, transferred or made subject to any creditor s process in connection with the divorce of the holder of such equity award or shares. Equity awards and any unvested shares acquired pursuant to equity awards may be transferred by a non-employee member of the Board or an executive officer of Cisco only to the extent required by a domestic relations order, as defined by the Internal Revenue Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, or the rules thereunder, in settlement of marital property rights by any court of competent jurisdiction. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exh211subsidiariesofthereg.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 As of July 29, 2023 
 Subsidiaries State Or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Cisco Internetworking Limited Liability Company 
 Armenia 
 3CInteractive LLC Delaware 47Line Technologies Private Limited 
 India 
 Acacia Communications (Ireland) Limited Ireland Acacia Communications (Shenzhen) Ltd. China Acacia Communications Holdings, Ltd. Bermuda Acacia Communications, Inc. Delaware Acacia Technologies (UK) Limited United Kingdom Acacia Technology, Inc. Delaware Acano (UK) Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 ACIA Communications Technology (India) Private Limited India Airespace Wireless Networks Private Limited India AppDynamics Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. Singapore AppDynamics International Ltd United Kingdom AppDynamics LLC Delaware AppDynamics Proprietary Limited South Africa AppDynamics Technologies India Private Limited India AppDynamics UK Ltd United Kingdom Armorblox LLC Delaware Armorblox Private Limited India BGPmon Network Solutions Inc. 
 Canada 
 BroadSoft Adaption LLC 
 Delaware 
 BroadSoft Australia Pty Limited 
 Australia 
 BroadSoft Contact Center LLC 
 Delaware 
 BroadSoft Germany GmbH 
 Germany 
 BroadSoft International LLC 
 Delaware 
 BroadSoft Italy S.r.l. 
 Italy 
 BroadSoft Ltd 
 United Kingdom 
 BroadSoft Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 BroadSoft SAS 
 France 
 BroadSoft Technologies Private Ltd. 
 India 
 BroadSoft UK Holding Company Ltd 
 United Kingdom 
 BroadSoft UK Operating Company Ltd 
 United Kingdom 
 BroadSoft, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 Center for Cisco Heritage, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Chilli Digital Europe Limited United Kingdom Cisco (China) Innovation Technology Co., Ltd. China Cisco (Saudi Arabia) Support Limited 
 Saudi Arabia 
 Cisco Bahrain W.L.L 
 Bahrain 
 Cisco Bilgisayar ve Internet Sistemleri Limited Sirketi 
 Turkey 
 Cisco Capital (Dubai) Limited 
 United Arab Emirates 
 Cisco Capital Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Cisco China Company, Limited 
 China 
 Cisco China Holdings (HK) Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 Cisco Comercio e Servicos de Hardware e Software do Brasil Ltda 
 Brazil 
 Cisco Commerce India Private Limited 
 India 
 Cisco do Brasil Ltda 
 Brazil 
 Cisco Dutch Holdings B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Cisco International Israel Limited 
 Israel 
 Cisco International Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 
 1 

Subsidiaries State Or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Cisco International Taiwan, Ltd. 
 Taiwan 
 Cisco Internetworking Systems Hellas S.A. 
 Greece 
 Cisco Investments B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Cisco Investments LLC 
 Delaware 
 Cisco ISH B.V. Netherlands Cisco Malaysia Managed Services SDN. BHD. Malaysia Cisco Morocco Morocco Cisco Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Cisco Norway AS Norway Cisco Norway Holdings AS Norway Cisco OpenDNS LLC Delaware Cisco Optical GmbH Germany Cisco Photonics Italy S.r.l. Italy Cisco QSTP-LLC Qatar Cisco Ravenscourt L.L.C. Delaware Cisco RG Israel Ltd Israel Cisco Saudi Arabia Limited Saudi Arabia Cisco SCM (Thailand) Limited Thailand Cisco Serbia doo Beograd Serbia Cisco Services & Spares India Private Limited India Cisco Services (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Cisco Services Malaysia SDN. BHD. Malaysia Cisco Solutions GmbH Germany Cisco Solutions Guatemala, Limitada Guatemala Cisco Systems (Argentina) S.A. Argentina Cisco Systems (China) Information Technology Services Limited China Cisco Systems (China) Networking Technology Co., Ltd. China Cisco Systems (China) Research and Development Co., Ltd. China Cisco Systems (Colombia) Limitada Colombia Cisco Systems (Czech Republic) s.r.o. Czech Republic Cisco Systems (HK) Holdings Limited Hong Kong Cisco Systems (HK) Limited Hong Kong Cisco Systems (India) Private Limited India Cisco Systems (Italy) S.r.l. Italy Cisco Systems (Jordan) Jordan Cisco Systems (Korea) Limited Republic of Korea Cisco Systems (Malaysia) SDN. BHD. Malaysia Cisco Systems (Myanmar) Company Limited Myanmar Cisco Systems (Nigeria) Limited Nigeria Cisco Systems (Puerto Rico) Corp. Delaware Cisco Systems (Senegal) SUARL Senegal Cisco Systems (South Africa) (Proprietary) Limited South Africa Cisco Systems (Spain), S.L. Spain Cisco Systems (Sweden) AB Sweden Cisco Systems (Switzerland) GmbH Switzerland Cisco Systems (Switzerland) Investments Ltd. Bermuda Cisco Systems (Thailand) Limited Thailand Cisco Systems (Trinidad & Tobago) Limited Trinidad and Tobago Cisco Systems (USA) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Cisco Systems Algeria EURL Algeria Cisco Systems Australia Pty Limited Australia Cisco Systems Austria GmbH Austria Cisco Systems Belgium BV Belgium 
 2 

Subsidiaries State Or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Cisco Systems Bulgaria EOOD Bulgaria Cisco Systems Canada Co. Les Systemes Cisco Canada CIE Canada Cisco Systems Capital (Australia) Pty Limited Australia Cisco Systems Capital (India) Private Limited India Cisco Systems Capital (Korea) Limited 
 Republic of Korea 
 Cisco Systems Capital (Thailand) Limited 
 Thailand 
 Cisco Systems Capital Asia Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Cisco Systems Capital Canada Co. Les Systemes Cisco Capital Canada CIE 
 Canada 
 Cisco Systems Capital China Corporation 
 China 
 Cisco Systems Capital Corporation 
 Nevada 
 Cisco Systems Capital France SAS 
 France 
 Cisco Systems Capital GmbH 
 Germany 
 Cisco Systems Capital K.K. 
 Japan 
 Cisco Systems Capital Netherlands B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Cisco Systems Capital SDN. BHD. 
 Malaysia 
 Cisco Systems Capital South Africa (Proprietary) Limited 
 South Africa 
 Cisco Systems Chile S.A. 
 Chile 
 Cisco Systems Costa Rica, Sociedad Anonima 
 Costa Rica 
 Cisco Systems Croatia Ltd. For Trade 
 Croatia 
 Cisco Systems Cyprus Ltd. 
 Cyprus 
 Cisco Systems Danmark ApS 
 Denmark 
 Cisco Systems de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Cisco Systems Dominicana, S.R.L. 
 Dominican Republic 
 Cisco Systems Egypt L.L.C. 
 Egypt 
 Cisco Systems El Salvador, Ltda. de C.V. 
 El Salvador 
 Cisco Systems Estonia OU 
 Estonia 
 Cisco Systems Finance International Unlimited Company 
 Ireland 
 Cisco Systems Finland OY 
 Finland 
 Cisco Systems France Sarl 
 France 
 Cisco Systems G.K. 
 Japan 
 Cisco Systems GmbH 
 Germany 
 Cisco Systems Holding GmbH 
 Germany 
 Cisco Systems Holdings UK Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Cisco Systems Hungary Ltd. Cisco Systems Hungary Servicing and Trading Limited Liability Company 
 Hungary 
 Cisco Systems International B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Cisco Systems International FZ-LLC 
 United Arab Emirates 
 Cisco Systems International S rl 
 Switzerland 
 Cisco Systems Internetworking (Ireland) Limited 
 Ireland 
 Cisco Systems Internetworking d.o.o. Za Marketing, Tehnicke I Druge Usluge Sarajevo 
 Bosnia and Herzegovina 
 Cisco Systems Internetworking Iletisim Hizmetleri Limited Sirketi 
 Turkey 
 Cisco Systems Island Ehf. 
 Iceland 
 Cisco Systems Israel Ltd. 
 Israel 
 Cisco Systems Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Cisco Systems LLC 
 Oman 
 Cisco Systems Luxembourg International s. r.l. 
 Luxembourg 
 Cisco Systems Macedonia DOOEL Skopje 
 Republic of North Macedonia 
 Cisco Systems Management B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Cisco Systems Netherlands Holdings B.V. Netherlands Cisco Systems New Zealand Limited New Zealand Cisco Systems Norway AS Norway Cisco Systems Pakistan (Private) Limited Pakistan Cisco Systems Panama S. de R.L. Panama 
 3 

Subsidiaries State Or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Cisco Systems Peru S.A. Peru Cisco Systems Poland Sp. z o. o. Poland Cisco Systems Portugal - Sistemas Inform ticos, Sociedade Unipessoal, Limitada Portugal Cisco Systems Romania S.r.l. Romania Cisco Systems Services B.V. Netherlands Cisco Systems Slovakia, spol. s. r.o. Slovakia Cisco Systems Taiwan, Ltd. Taiwan Cisco Systems Uruguay S.R.L. 
 Uruguay 
 Cisco Systems Venezuela, C.A. 
 Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela 
 Cisco Systems Vietnam Limited (Cong Ty Trach Nhiem Huu Han Cisco Systems Vietnam) 
 Vietnam 
 Cisco Technologies (Beijing) Co., Ltd 
 China 
 Cisco Technologies New Zealand Limited 
 New Zealand 
 Cisco Technologies Philippines, Inc. 
 Philippines 
 Cisco Technology (Bermuda) Ltd. Bermuda Cisco Technology and Services (South Africa) (Pty) Ltd. 
 South Africa 
 Cisco Technology Bangladesh Ltd. 
 Bangladesh 
 Cisco Technology Belgium BV 
 Belgium 
 Cisco Technology Denmark ApS 
 Denmark 
 Cisco Technology Services (Dalian) Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Cisco Technology, Inc. 
 California 
 Cisco THV LLC 
 Delaware 
 Cisco Tunisia SARL 
 Tunisia 
 Cisco WebEx LLC 
 Delaware 
 Cisco Worldwide Holdings Ltd. 
 Bermuda 
 CiscoSystems Ecuador S.A. Ecuador CliQr Technologies India Private Limited India CliQr Technologies LLC 
 Delaware 
 Cloupia LLC 
 California 
 Cloupia Software Solutions Private Limited India CSI BD (Mauritius) 
 Mauritius 
 CSI Mauritius Inc. 
 Mauritius 
 Customer Analytics Technologies LLC 
 Delaware 
 Customer Analytics Technologies Pte. Ltd 
 Singapore 
 Customer Insight 360 Technologies Private Limited 
 India 
 Dashbase LLC 
 Delaware 
 Datagrid Systems LLC Delaware Duo Security LLC 
 Delaware 
 Epsagon LLC Delaware Epsagon Ltd. Israel Exablaze Pty Ltd 
 Australia 
 ExtendMedia LLC 
 Delaware 
 Fluidmesh Networks S.r.l. 
 Italy 
 Fluidmesh Networks, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Hangzhou Dashbase Technology Co. China Healthcare Communications UK Ltd United Kingdom IMI Mobile Vas Ltd FZE United Arab Emirates IMI Mobile VAS Nigeria Limited Nigeria IMImobile African Holdings Limited United Kingdom IMImobile Canada ULC Canada IMImobile Cloud Communications (India) Private Limited India IMImobile Europe Limited United Kingdom IMImobile Holdings Ltd United Kingdom 
 4 

Subsidiaries State Or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization IMImobile Intelligent Networks Limited United Kingdom IMImobile International Limited United Kingdom IMImobile Limited United Kingdom IMImobile LLC Delaware IMImobile North America LLC Delaware IMImobile SAT Limited United Kingdom IMImobile Software Limited United Kingdom IMImobile South Africa (Pty) Ltd South Africa IMImobile South Africa 1 Limited United Kingdom IMImobile South Africa 2 Limited United Kingdom Impact Mobile USA LLC Delaware Intucell Ltd. 
 Israel 
 Involvio LLC New York Jasper Technologies LLC Delaware July New Media Solutions and Technologies Private Limited India July Systems and Technologies Private Limited India July Systems LLC Delaware Kenna Security LLC Delaware Leaba Semiconductor Ltd. Israel Lenco International Limited British Virgin Islands Lenco Technology Group Limited British Virgin Islands Lightspin Inc. Delaware Lightspin Technologies Ltd. Israel Luxtera LLC 
 Delaware 
 Meraki Japan G.K. 
 Japan 
 Meraki Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Meraki LLC 
 Delaware 
 Meraki Networks Australia Pty Limited 
 Australia 
 Modcam AB Sweden NDS Finance Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 NDS Group Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 NDS Holdings B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 NDS Sweden AB 
 Sweden 
 Neohapsis International LLC 
 Delaware 
 Neohapsis LLC 
 Delaware 
 Neohapsis Software Private Limited 
 India 
 Neohapsis, Inc. 
 Illinois 
 Pawaa Software Private Limited 
 India 
 Perspica Networks Private Limited 
 India 
 Portshift Software Technologies Ltd Israel PT Cisco Systems Indonesia 
 Indonesia 
 PT. Cisco Technologies Indonesia 
 Indonesia 
 replex GmbH Germany Rizio LLC 
 Delaware 
 Rostrum Solutions Limited United Kingdom Rostrvm Solutions Limited United Kingdom Sedonasys Systems LTD Israel Sedonasys Systems, S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Sentryo SAS France SIA Cisco Latvia Latvia sli.do s. r. o. Slovakia Smartlook.com, s.r.o. Czech Republic Socio Labs LLC Delaware 
 5 

Subsidiaries State Or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Starent International LLC Delaware Starent Networks (India) Private Limited India Starent Networks India Sales and Services Private Limited India Starent Networks LLC Delaware Tail-f Systems AB Sweden Tandberg Products UK Limited United Kingdom Tandberg Technology (India) Private Limited India Tandberg Telecom UK Limited United Kingdom Tap2Bill Limited United Kingdom Textlocal Ltd United Kingdom ThousandEyes Germany GmbH Germany ThousandEyes LLC Delaware Txtlocal Limited United Kingdom UAB Cisco LT 
 Lithuania 
 Ukhozi Digital (Pty) Limited South Africa Valtix LLC Delaware Viptela International Holding, LLC 
 Delaware 
 Viptela LLC 
 Delaware 
 vIPtela Systems Private Limited 
 India 
 Viptela, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 WebEx (China) Software Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 WebEx Asia Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 WebEx Communications B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 WebEx Communications Deutschland GmbH 
 Germany 
 WebEx Communications France Sarl 
 France 
 WebEx Communications India Private Limited 
 India 
 WebEx Communications UK, Ltd. 
 United Kingdom 
 WebEx Worldwide B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Wrappup FZ-LLC 
 United Arab Emirates 
 Wrappup LLC 
 Delaware 
 Zomojo Pty. Ltd. 
 Australia 

6 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exh231consentofindependent.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-14661, 333-42249, 333-64651, 333-91258, 333-111977, 333-129719, 333-143389, 333-147523, 333-163864, 333-185663, 333-185667, 333-189931, 333-192055, 333-196968, 333-196970, 333-199154, 333-200775, 333-201804, 333-204764, 333-206400, 333-206708, 333-208348, 333-208927, 333-209418, 333-210395, 333-210396, 333-210874, 333-212776, 333-212952, 333-213948, 333-217083, 333-218647, 333-219935, 333-219937, 333-222007, 333-222449, 333-228814, 333-236764, 333-249708, 333-255003, 333-257805, 333-260286 and 333-272205) of Cisco Systems, Inc. of our report dated September 7, 2023 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 San Jose, California 
 September 7, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exh311rule13a-14a15dx14ace.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Charles H. Robbins, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cisco Systems, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date September 7, 2023 

S Charles H. Robbins 
 Charles H. Robbins Chair and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exh312rule13a-14a15dx14ace.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, R. Scott Herren, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cisco Systems, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date September 7, 2023 

S R. Scott Herren 
 R. Scott Herren Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exh321section1350certifica.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Charles H. Robbins, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended July 29, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date September 7, 2023 

S Charles H. Robbins 
 Charles H. Robbins Chair and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exh322section1350certifica.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, R. Scott Herren, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended July 29, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date September 7, 2023 

S R. Scott Herren 
 R. Scott Herren Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 csco-20230729.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 csco-20230729_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 csco-20230729_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 csco-20230729_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 csco-20230729_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

